## IMPERIAL CAPITAL, IMPERIAL ARMY GENERAL STAFF OFFICE

Zettour knew he had to create a complete and total mask with the appearance of victory, but inside, he felt only profound relief.

"The young are terrifying... This must be what it feels like to grow old and useless. It's so easy to become the thing you don't wish to be."

Inside his room at the offices of the General Staff, Zettour smiled uncomfortably, glad that no one else was there to see him. The more he learned about Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff's actions, the more dreadful they seemed. It was the kind of arbitrary decision he could never have pulled off himself.

For a lone field officer to misrepresent her position, fabricate orders from a superior, and, on top of everything else, unilaterally instruct the engaged Eastern troops to abandon their strongpoints- any single one of those offences should have been the nail in the coffin. Even under extenuating circumstances, anyone ought to have been inexcusable. To sanction them was an outrage of selfdestructive proportions for any organization.

But in this situation, it was the right thing to do.

From a strategic viewpoint, those on the ground could see that the field armies would have been tied down and crushed if they did not retreat. Thus, the decision to have the main force pull back was, though arbitrary, a stroke of divine grace.

In terms of pure military rationality, the choice had obviously been correct; there was no other way to parry the brunt of the enemy's attack. A single moment's hesitation would have been fatal, and with the chain of command in disarray, the only option was to act alone.

That said, Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff had maintained enough leeway to allow the bare minimum of room for argument. After the missed opportunity with the François fleet, it seemed she had learned the proper way to break the rules.

It was truly an impressive showing.

Both Zettour and Rudersdorf had mentioned the title of Eastern Chief Inspector. A ridiculous example of literalism, but formally, Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff had taken their intentions into account while maintaining appearances. She must have known that her actions were merely expedient, yet how many field officers could arrange for such an excuse to exercise control under an emergency? And besides, the one man at Eastern Army Command who could have insisted he had never heard of any of this, General Laudon, was already dead. All that remained to ensure no one pursued the matter further was to insist that a communications mix-up had occurred due to the tragic events that had befallen Colonel Laudon.

Laudon had, in a grim twist of fate, chosen excellent timing to die.

Zettour suddenly felt a pang of disgust at himself.

"I owe my mentor, poor Laudon, an apology. He gets no more rest in death from me than he did in life."

Laudon had been his predecessor-the man who had guided him when Laudon was a major and Zettour was still green behind the ears. And now, even in death, Laudon was coming to his aid. How could Zettour ever face Laudon's memory?

This only gave him further cause for thought. It was Degurechaff, truly, who had saved them-the army, the Empire, perhaps even the very illusion that was Zettour. Thus, one might say...

Rising to his feet and cloaking himself in a veneer of etiquette, Zettour abandoned his personal goodness and, as ringleader of the General Staff, adjusted his mask as a wicked cog in the machine. He left his room, once again forced to be mindful of the eyes of others.

Walking slowly but firmly, he headed toward the court-the place that made this city the Imperial Capital. The aged general, a sly old man, was en route to a shameless performance. He was going to present, with a straight face, the idea that they had encountered a few difficulties, yet had managed to twist the situation around into a skillful counteroffensive.

This was a form of deference to the court, which was still apprehensive about the state of the war; a form of lip service to the cabinet and a necessary move for the future. Zettour addressed the Emperor himself.

"The Imperial Army has already cut off enemy lines of communication by way of airborne attacks. While I am embarrassed to say we are rehashing the tactics used against the François Republic, now that the enemy's communications are severed, we are preparing for a large-scale counterattack. As this is the same approach that worked so well during Operation Iron Hammer, the likelihood of repeated success is high. Unfortunately, with the muddy season now approaching, it is all a race against time..."

This was not the army deceiving the government and the court, per se. Rather, it was humble embellishment. Needless to say, none of the military officials who had commiserated with Zettour or been involved in drafting this regal overture considered themselves to be "lying."

The fact remained that the Imperial Army had, in response to a large-scale offensive by the Federation Army, used several mage divisions to successfully sever enemy lines of communication. Even the Emperor's daughter, Her Highness Alexandra, who had fussed about wanting to visit the front lines, would have found nothing amiss in such a report.

Nothing had been written but the truth.

Furthermore, there was nothing objectively untrue in the expository facts laid out about Operation Iron Hammer after the enemy's communications were cut. Zettour was confident that if quizzed a thousand times by the most skilled interrogators in a court of law, he would never let this cat out of the bag.

He had spoken the truth. Nothing more and nothing less.

But depending on how you word it, the truth can be misleading. Naturally, Zettour had merely detoured slightly from the answer most readily suggested by the facts.

And with confidence, of course. As for himself, he could now only sit back, relax, and wait to reap the rewards of their counterattack. At this point, there was very little to be done in the rear. "I guess I'm just an old man now, good for nothing but drinking tea," he mused. And so on and so forth.

With a calm, laid-back attitude and a few artful touches to alter how the truth was digested, it was easy to get people to misinterpret the facts. Likely, no one would imagine that their counterattack had only barely succeeded, and they'd had one foot already in the grave.

Add in a few smug additions-"unfortunately the muddy season is arriving early, and we are worried the roads will get worse..." or "the reason the counterattack was less effective this time, despite being so dramatically effective during Iron Hammer, must be due to the difference in the natural environment"-and who wouldn't be convinced?

People believed what they wanted to believe, especially in the Empire, who were habitual users of the drug known as victory-a medicine that ought only to be taken in a single dose. By this point, rejecting the illusion of victory was almost akin to denying the very tactics that underpinned it.

While it was sad in a way, as the Empire's faithful nursemaid, Zettour continued to sow such dreams. Even against an overwhelming accumulation of truth, people were prone, through the power of interpretation, to view the future through rose-colored glasses. But one day, they would loudly protest, it was Zettour who had deceived them!

And when it came time to play the victim in this manner, they would mean it. Yet the dust had been thrown in their eyes because they had asked for it.

"Let us just hope the world agrees," he murmured. Truly, that was what Zettour felt, nay, wished for, deep in his heart.

Would the world come together as one to throw stones at this enemy of the world? Only those without sin may cast the first stone. In that case, let the entire world come for him. Let them insist he is the one laden with sin as they toss their stones.

It was why he had to put on this show, to make it seem as if he had produced a miracle. He humbly bragged that there was nothing he could do back here in the capital, but little did they know how true that was: it was his subordinates who were out there wearing themselves down to the bone; actual men on the ground, like Lergen, who had given their blood, sweat, and tears. Meanwhile, Zettour maintained his mask, keeping up the farce that he alone was the star upon the stage.

In truth, events were now in the hands of those who stood on the battlefield. An old man like Zettour could only pray that they somehow proved victorious.

As a result, Zettour-whose sense of involvement in the direction of war was strangely lacking, and who always felt adrift, as if he had lost sight of his place in the world-found himself having to sell himself as a prodigy of tactical direction. He made rounds in related departments to consult on the fuel situation (for the sake of a largescale counterattack, of course), calling various numbers in search of much-needed meteorological data. He was, in short, busy pretending to work, completing completely pointless tasks.

Once things had settled down slightly, he retreated to his own roost in the inner depths of the General Staff Office for a brief smoke.

The violet smoke hung in the air as... Well, there was no need for literary flourish. It was just smoke, swaying lazily as he exhaled, and he seemed to see his own feelings in the drifting shapes.

"Hmph... There's already so few left."

Half of the cigars that the old fool Rudersdorf had left behind were already gone. Unlike Rudersdorf, who had only nibbled at them -as out of character for him as that was-Zettour showed no restraint, working through the stock at a much faster pace.

"He must be turning over in exasperation now in his grave. Or maybe just in rage. I'll have to ask him when I get there. If there's any way to know if we'll meet again, mere human as I am."

Either way, Zettour needed to keep sprinting until the end. He couldn't stumble now. As a knock came at the door, the determined old man placed his thick mask back over his vulnerable true face and leisurely bid the visitor to enter.

"Come in."

"Excuse me, General Zettour. Colonel Uger, reporting. I have an intercepted transmission with me... It is quite curious. I thought you might enjoy it as well."

Zettour raised his eyebrows slightly.

"Colonel, I'm afraid you're not being very clear. What do you mean by 'curious'?"

"It is, well, amusing, I guess you might say. I thought it might please you."

Zettour had worked Colonel Uger hard for a long time and had never regarded him as one for such sycophancy.

"Well, this is unusual. I don't usually expect such officiating from you, Colonel..."

Colonel Uger bowed his head, yet insisted on presenting the intercepted message. "If you would, General. It is from Baruch Bridge."

"What?" Zettour snapped, snatching the message from Uger's hand and skimming its contents.

It read: We are the aerial mages of the Empire! no one can stand against us! Repeated, shouted over and over. What bellicosity. What over-the-top bravado. What a stunning diversion. What strength of spirit. When only despair awaited those who were clear-eyed, these warriors had purposely chosen to intoxicate themselves with defiant cries instead, strutting shamelessly upon the stage.

"It's delightful, isn't it? Their cries. Exhilarating," said Colonel Uger, sharing his honest feelings with the general.

Zettour laughed heartily-so heartily, in fact, that his stomach muscles cramped.

"G-General?"

"Ha-ha... ha-ha-ha! Aha-ha-ha-ha! How fabulous! Excellent! Thank you, Colonel Uger! Truly, what a waste it would have been for something this wonderful to pass without my knowing!" Zettour laughed cheerfully, repeatedly smacking Colonel Uger on the shoulder.

Despite her age, Degurechaff never failed to surprise him. Always a delight.

And if that was the promise of the future-yes, the radiance of the young might cast a shadow in its wake, but that too was cause for smiling. The whole thing was so delightful it made Zettour want to do a little jig.

Of course, that only proved how much of his composure he had lost. But while his own mind sneered at him, with the way things were going, it would have been foolish for Zettour not to follow the choreography that had been laid out for him. Indeed, why not dance?

Having made up his mind, Zettour called for the press officer, addressing him pleasantly.

"I'm sorry, but would you mind publicizing this throughout the Empire? It is too good. It is too good, indeed."

## JANUARY 20, UNIFIED YEAR 1928, THE WORLD

The objective had been to sever the enemy supply network using division-sized units. The plan was mobilize three aerial mage divisions and deliver one division to each of three strategic locations via airborne drop-a force deployed into the enemy's rear to sever, destroy, and choke important supply lines. Under normal conditions, this would be a fairly ordinary, even textbook, maneuver. In other words, if it were actually possible, it would be effective. Hence its inclusion in textbooks.

However, the leeway needed to fight by the book had long since vanished from the Empire. Under their financial straits, when they were already trying to squeeze blood from a stone, they shouldn't have been able to muster three whole airborne divisions to insert into the East, let alone have the transport capabilities to deliver them.

In fact, the real state of affairs was even grimmer than that description suggested. Even if they squeezed out every drop of blood, sweat, and tears to get the troops and transports required, they still lacked the air supremacy needed for such tactics. Indeed, they couldn't even hope for local air superiority.

But destroying enemy communication lines was an absolute necessity, and the Empire emphasized that above all else. For that reason alone, General Zettour did not balk at consigning that many aerial mages to an airborne drop.

Usually, aerial mage units were organized like air squadrons. For mages, a battalion had just thirty-six members. Yes, just as an air squadron had thirty-six individual planes.

Three battalions formed one regiment, and three regiments formed one division. Now then, a question! How many members would a division have? The answer: 324!

In other words, a fighting force equal to three divisions could be tossed into the enemy's rear for the same transportation cost as required to deploy a single augmented airborne battalion. For the Empire, toiling in poverty, such a prospect seemed highly appealing.

And this way, there was still a chance the enemy would be taken by surprise. Or so they hoped. The Federation Army was meticulous. The options available to the desperate Empire had already been explored by the Federation. Having once been on the receiving end of Operation Iron Hammer, the Federation Army had considered the likelihood of a large-scale airborne counterattack by the Empire in response to Rising Dawn as nearly self-evident.

The ordinary old generals of the Federation Army had even speculated that, in the worst-case scenario, if they chose to drop mages, the Empire might not even need strategic transports. After all, even if the transports were shot down, the mages could fly on their own accord.

After reviewing reports that, for a battalion, an entire unit might fit into a single large transport plane, and understanding that it would be impossible to shoot down every plane with 100% certainty... General Kutuz was now sure that airborne attacks were on the table.

Prioritizing safety, the generals even considered the possibility of an attack by a full regiment of airborne mages. A few military men wondered if they weren't being too pessimistic and conservative, arguing that it was foolish to disperse their force. However, with the persistence of a professional, General Kutuz persuaded them that they could not rule out the possibility that the enemy would target their logistics.

But even those generals never imagined that some thousand mages would come pouring out of the sky.

That was the beginning of their miscalculations. If the assumption in the East was that a single battalion of aerial mages could easily lay waste to a mechanized regiment or brigade, then, by simple calculation, a division of mages (composed of nine battalions) could effectively wipe out nine mechanized regiments or brigades. In other words, twenty-seven aerial mage battalions would be equal to twenty-seven mechanized regiments or combat brigades.

In reality, a force that size would be monstrous, fully capable of taking on even thirteen mechanized divisions.

And if, instead of being used to shore up the crumbling front line, that force were mercilessly deployed in concentration into the Federation Army's rear, they could be transported with the resources required for a single augmented infantry battalion.

Later generations would surely say that it was for this reason that General Zettour was known as a charlatan. As the Federation attempted the world's first full depth strike, the Empire implemented the world's very first AirLand Battle operation.

The scales tipped ever so slightly in the Imperial Army's favor. A daring and mobile airborne operation. A nimble and proactive counterattack made possible only by the presence of aerial mages, who could both carry out aerial attacks themselves and operate as airborne infantry.

As a result, the Federation Army's Rising Dawn began to wane, and the Imperial Army's Morning Light began to take hold. Thus, the world trembled before General Zettour.

## THE SAME DAY, EXTERIOR PERIMETER OF BARUCH BRIDGE, PROVISIONAL ON-SITE IMPERIAL ARMY AERIAL MAGE DIVISION COMMAND CENTER

Still.

While everyone is hypnotized by such dazzling results, three full divisions of aerial mages already exceed the limits of what the Empire can squeeze out. As a result, those on the front lines-the men forced to swallow this contradiction of glory and limitation-find themselves in a difficult situation.

It has been less than two weeks since Rising Dawn began, and only a day since the Empire launched its counteroperation. The mages who dropped behind enemy lines are already growing beleaguered.

"This is rough...," I mutter softly, standing by the foot of Baruch Bridge. When one is actually on scene for such heroism, it is easy to forget the many reasons these heroic tales exist. In other words, these are monuments to non-routine work. Work that is highly specific to individuals, requiring one to heroically rise above one's actual pay grade. Sweatshops, where labor dumping knows no bounds.

"We need a bigger force."

The word "division" may sound impressive, but we are only a mage division. There is at least an order of magnitude of difference compared to an infantry division, usually even two. In terms of destructive power alone, a mage division is capable of achieving the same effect as a mechanized division. But like a nuclear weapon, just because we are capable of delivering force does not mean we can occupy a position or defend a strongpoint.

At the end of the day, holding a fixed point requires infantry-and in large numbers. Although, despite popular belief, even if we had the numbers, improvising as infantry is harder than it sounds. In fact, I can barely stand to watch the nearby mages, who are currently putting on a sorry show as they attempt to build up our defensive position.

Obviously, when it comes to infantry work, infantry are best. Mages are professionals at mage work, but when it comes to the work of infantry, mages can at best make do. Building up an encampment like infantry, or establishing a careful defensive position, is not something mages have much experience in. The seams are showing.

Hmph. What I wouldn't give for someone like First Lieutenant Tospan right now-a no-nonsense infantry commander and skilled field engineer. If I had someone with that kind of experience, perhaps the men would stop digging ragged holes and start building proper trenches instead!

There is a reason experienced workers are preferred.

The mages who have any experience in trench construction from the Rhine are slightly better, but sadly, new hires are so often chosen for their potential rather than their experience. In other words, maybe they will learn to dig a marvellous hole someday, but that day isn't today. These new recruits have only just been whipped into usable shape as mages; if they are still green behind the ears as mages, then as infantry, they are even less prepared. This stark reality makes me want to hang my head.

"I guess I'm going to have to start by teaching them how to dig trenches..."

Ridiculous. They couldn't dig a hole if their lives depended on it- and they do! I am tempted to scream. What possible reason can they have for not taking this more seriously? Instead of starting with how to dig a hole, it looks like I might have to start with why.

In any case, most of the rookies sport soft hands and reluctant faces, as if they cannot believe I have them out here digging ditches. They probably thought they were going to don slick mage uniforms and zip through the air. I am not naive enough to expect them to be ready for the realities of trench warfare just yet. The first time they come under artillery attack, they will almost certainly panic.

"Ugh, this is giving me a headache."

Keeping my complaints to myself, I puff my chest out proudly, as is befitting a commanding officer. An officer needs to stand tall. It would not do to show weakness before the men.

Internally, I grimace. It's time to play drill sergeant and maintain an absolute appearance of courage, even if it is just a mask. Just then, a somber and serious Major Weiss approaches, his face glum- a sight so sour that someone should take a picture for the textbooks. "Major Weiss! Did you just get dumped or something? You look like you've got the whole world on your shoulders!" I joke, purposely lightening the mood so the others might smile. This is the kind of personal, pseudo-sexual ribbing that would never fly if we weren't in an age crazy enough to wage global war.

"What? No, it's just..."

"Major, it is good to be thoughtful, but I think you need to loosen up a bit," I say lightly, deliberately emphasizing my point.

Major Weiss suddenly seems to remember that there are eyes upon him. As an officer, he straightens up and forces a friendly laugh, adjusting his mask to appear exemplary.

"Now then, Weiss, what is it?"

"Colonel, the truth is..." He hesitates.

"Wait," says Tanya, raising her hand. "I need to keep an eye on construction. Let's walk and talk."

Weiss toddled after his superior as she swaggered ahead with tiny steps, a renewed sense of respect for her in his heart.

After she directed him to smile, he realized, whether he liked it or not, what kind of face he must have been making, although a more normal part of him still insisted that expecting someone to smile in a situation like this was unreasonable.

He understood it was necessary. After all, the troops had been scrounged together on the fly. They needed to avoid the kind of facial expressions that might stir up unease among the new officers and men. But still...

"Weiss, don't raise your voice too loudly. The men are watching,"

said Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff softly, with a casual air, as she continued to gaze at the encampment, speaking to Weiss without looking directly at him. "The preparations are going terribly. As bad as the Federation-style mage training might be, our rookies fare no better as infantry. Is that what has you looking so dour?"

"Yes," agreed Weiss. He was working at getting himself back under control, but she had hit the nail right on the head. "There are already trenches that the Federation Army holding garrison dug to protect the bridge. They are quite impressive, I thought we might be able to use them, however..."

They had only just captured the bridge. Despite what they had been told in the briefing, it sported extensive defensive installations. It should have been a good thing that defensive positions were in place. It was a resource Weiss would have loved to have repurposed. But his superior officer clearly understood the issue.

"You mean they are too impressive to be defended by our mages alone. The existing trenches are too extensive."

Weiss nodded in total agreement.

"You're right. These trenchworks are too big. Without experience in trench warfare, I doubt our troops will be able to hold them... And the majority of the mages most definitely do not have such experience.

"At this rate...," said Weiss fearfully.

But his superior officer, Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff, sounded slightly surprised. "You have thoughts, then."

"Hrm? No, nothing specific per se. It's just... I'm worried."

"Worried? Yes, worried, I see," said the Lieutenant Colonel, crossing her arms and beaming pleasantly. Even Weiss, who believed he had known the Lieutenant Colonel for some time, was unsure how much of it was a performance and how much of it was her true feelings.

"Listen to me, Weiss. The stakes now are all or nothing."

"I believe I am aware of that."

"The Empire is playing an all-or-nothing game, in every sense of the phrase. The only one who can see the full picture at the moment is likely General Zettour. We will have hard days ahead of us. Enough to make us want to scream, if we let ourselves. But why does this lot fall to us?

"You see," said Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff, continuing to speak calmly, in an odd tone of voice that gave no clue as to what she was feeling. "By all rights, it would be better to withdraw, like Warrant Officer Kahteijanen and his men, and have the Empire send in a force more deserving of the pay. Putting trainees like these into the field is almost a farce, but the current state of the Empire makes this necessary. And in our current state, we are long past considering anything but that which is necessary."

"I understand... or at least, I thought I did."

Weiss hesitates slightly. Mentally, at least, Weiss got the picture. They didn't have enough hands, and had to cast a wide net wherever they could.

"In any case, have them dig holes. Yes, we could be here for a long time, but if we don't fix this place up and make it serviceable, we might be resting here permanently instead. If you know what I mean."

"If we need holes, we dig holes. Got it," he said. But he couldn't turn off his thoughts. Had things really gotten this bad? Mobilizing every man they could? Building defensive positions at the last minute? If this wasn't a sign that they were on their way out, then what was?

"Colonel. I don't mean to come off as a coward, but... is this going to be enough?"

She was stone faced. It was only for moment, but the lieutenant colonel stared at Weiss as if genuinely stunned, her eyes fathomless as the ocean. She stared, and then she looked away.

"If that is your question, you are much more suited to being a soldier than I am. You're not questioning our chances of success, are you?"

"No, it's just..."

"Well, on that point, there is absolutely nothing to worry about, Major," she said, chewing over her words, as if for better or worse. "You understand, don't you? How great the shock is to an army when its logistics have been cut off?"

Weiss nodded. "Of course."

His superior officer continued. "The Federation Army's first echelon is probably already hungry for supplies. Even the second echelon won't be able to ignore what we've done. Our unit may have been scratched together out of nothing, but our opponent will be feeling the dreadful sting that comes when the expected supplies do not arrive."

"So then... we've already been successful?"

"Exactly," said the lieutenant colonel. The act of cutting off their supply lines had halted the Federation Army's vanguard. "General Zettour's gamble was on whether or not we could knock out their supply train. What comes after is all a bonus. Just a bonus. We've stopped the enemy's tidal wave. Now all that's left is to dig in our heels for as long as we can, and keep applying pressure to the enemy."

Having explained this much, Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff suddenly raised her head as if something had captured her attention. A moment later, Weiss's ear likewise caught the sound of approaching footsteps.

"Lieutenant Serebryakov, an officer should never run-"

"Colonel! An urgent message! It's from the Air Fleet! They've sent confirmation that the enemy's second echelon has turned back!"

Being present for this news as it was delivered to the commander, Weiss couldn't help but understand. From a strategic perspective, these were infinitely good tidings, but from their point of view as boots on the ground, it was terrible news. The Federation Army, which had just been on the verge of overrunning the Imperial eastern army's entire defensive line, had ground to a complete halt and turned the tip of its spear back around in the direction from which it had come.

For now, at least, the Federation had lost its chance to destroy the Empire's main force in the East. The army was saved. That was extraordinary news, obviously. The enemy's vanguard had been diverted.

But that was also why an unpleasant, cold sweat had begun to run down Weiss's back. After all, the point of that spear... was now aimed straight at the mages. They were going to be swarmed. What could be more unpleasant to hear than that an entire army was now furiously barrelling your way.

"Ha-ha-ha. Things are certainly starting to shape up now. Gentlemen, it seems the Federation Army's second echelon has business with us. It would be a shame to keep them waiting, so we'll just have to welcome them with what we have on hand."

To Weiss's eyes, Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff's smile as she received confirmation of the operation's success-a smile born out of valour and a certain kind of heroic obstinacy-was blinding. With only three divisions on their side, they were about to find themselves holding off a force that had been in the process of crushing the Empire's main army. It was like watching the curtains open upon hell.

"Why, Major Weiss. You seem to be trembling with excitement. How unlike you."

"I was just a little taken aback at the scale of the enemy."

"Well, who can blame you?" The Lieutenant Colonel nodded before speaking lightly to her adjutant. "Behold, Visha. This is a true hero. So moved by the size of the enemy that his daring exploits have attracted, he can hardly stand still."

Now that the first echelon had come to a stop and the second had lost its place, there was nothing for the two waves to do but to attempt to reconnect with the rear. But Weiss had known this was coming. They had foreseen this threat. It was terrifying, yes... but it was comprehensible.

Of course, thought Weiss, taking stock. The men are going to be afraid as well. The least he could do, he supposed, was handle his fear and try to comport himself more appropriately.

"As Weiss is already here, allow me to be direct. Is our policy for defense still to hunker down in strongpoints, as originally presumed?" asked First Lieutenant Serebryakov.

For a moment, Weiss saw Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff begin to nod, but something seemed to catch her fancy. She tilted her head slightly, as if considering, before finally beating her fist into her hand.

"It occurs to me... that it would be rude to just sit here in the main hall and wait for our guests to arrive. We may be seeing them tomorrow, but today is its own celebration. We should at least make an effort to welcome them, shouldn't we?"

First Lieutenant Serebryakov nodded sagely in response to the Lieutenant Colonel's witty turn of phrase.

"You mean beat them to the punch!" said the First Lieutenant, as if that was exactly what she had expected her superior officer to say. Weiss couldn't help but grimace. What is it they said about bad apples? The Lieutenant Colonel had clearly rubbed off on First Lieutenant Serebryakov. They were like two rotten peas in a pod.

"I'm sorry, Weiss, but we can't sally out in full force this time. You will have to stay behind and look after the fort.

"I'm counting on you," she said, before quickly hurrying away.

As for First Lieutenant Serebryakov, she soon chased after the Lieutenant Colonel as well, nibbling on a piece of chocolate she had apparently procured at some point, as she went.

Weiss found himself pointlessly wondering where she could have gotten her hands on that chocolate as he hurried off toward Baruch Bridge command.

I lead a battalion of mages-a manageable enough size. But while the core is the 203rd, it is still a heterogeneous team with members pulled from various places. This portion requires special attention. It is all part of being a manager, but from my point of view, that job feels particularly cumbersome at the moment. I am not pleased to have more work placed upon my plate.

In the end, managers must forever struggle to make ends meet.

That said, doing so is our job; and as it is my job, I lament as I lift off into the sky how terrible it is to solve so many problems on my own-until I am greeted by an unexpected surprise.

"Attention all active units deployed in this airspace. This is CP. I say again: this is CP. We are now providing flight control. Please confirm our identification code."

What is this? I freeze for a moment. Flight control? But from where? Based on what my orb's library function indicates, this voice belongs to a friendly force. Yet how can they be providing control from deep in enemy territory? Barely daring to believe it could be true, I check the wireless identification code and raise my eyebrow at what I find.

"CP? I've received your identification code. Are you sure this is correct?"

After all, the code is for Rhine Control-the same code we used long ago in the West. Is the code still valid? And where is it coming from without equipment?

"This is Rhine Control to all aerial mage units. I hope everyone is doing all right out there, both the old faces and the new. Thanks to a generous donation from the Federation's Second Area Army Command, Rhine Control is holding a reunion!"

Of course! Now I understand.

"Rhine Control, this is Salamander 01. Nice to hear from you again. I hope there will be champagne and cookies involved!"

"This is CP to the Monster in Fairy's Clothing. Nice to hear your voice! It looks like the weather is great out there again! Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, might creep in this petty pace from day to day, to the last syllable of recorded time, but as for today, why not rejoice?"

This is a familiar back-and-forth, meaningless words strung together to match a code. The fellow on the line seems used to it, likely a veteran. Perhaps even from the early days of the Rhine front. A friend who is so trustworthy that, if this turns out to just be an artful impersonation of an imperial on the part of the Federation Army, I would have no choice but to begin doubting every signal officer in the Imperial Army by tomorrow.

"If there are more things than are dreamt of in Heaven and Earth, today must be one of those days! The night is long that never finds the day, I believe!"

I smirked in response to the smooth broadcasts from this foulmouthed radio jockey. Most air traffic controllers seem intent on never making anyone feel anything at all, but a real professional knows how to have a good time.

It is the cheerfulness of desperation when all else is lost... A kind of refreshing professionalism that throws everything to the wind. A very different person than I am, but after spending enough time on the battlefield, it is hard not to give such a person their due.

"I respect their resolve and applaud their professionalism-each of us, in our own way. Now then, we are mages of the Empire. Does any hero dare oppose us?"

My true feelings are more along the lines of, "When we are born, we cry that we are come to this great stage of fools." Taking my lessons from the great Shakespeare, I would rather lament that the hour we are forced to play upon this stage is utterly wretched. But this reunion in the sky, at least, is turning out as lively as can be.

"Rhine Control, you dog, this is Pioneer 02. I never thought we'd bump into each other out here. I guess no one's managed to kill you yet."

"Pioneer 02, this is Rhine Control. Death's gotta come sooner or later; might as well enjoy ourselves while we can!"

The men laughed over the radio.

They must be providing traffic control for the other chokepoints as well. That would mean that CP is now handling orders for three whole divisions. Despite the load involved, they sure do seem to like to talk.

For now, however, I shift my attention.

"All battalion members! Good news. It seems we have ground control support! Let's do things the way we did back at the Rhine!"

As a manager, I can now offload some of this workload onto control instead of handling it all myself. That alone will make a massive difference in the effort required. The truth is, having control here to guide us will make our task significantly easier.

Perhaps that is why my adjutant flies up close as we wait for the enemy, a slightly bemused look upon her face. "It's... been a long time since things have gone this smoothly for us."

"Tell me about it. Just having a control center to keep watch over the long range makes a world of difference."

We can't leave everything up to the controller, but with another trustworthy pair of eyes on our side, we can at least focus more on our immediate surroundings.

And yet... And yet.

"It works out well for us, Colonel, having a controller here on the ground. But... is that really for the best?"

Isn't it reckless? My adjutant's expression says it all. Even I don't feel great about the fact that back-line support-especially such skilled and irreplaceable personnel-have been forced to join us on a one-way trip. At the same time, however, they are here already, so we might as well use them, I suppose.

"It's a matter of on-site decision-making, I guess. To be honest, I'm happy to have air control support, especially when it's provided by a veteran with experience on the Rhine front."

I wonder how a control team wound up on the transport sent to the Federation Army's Second Area Army Command. Unless the controllers themselves asked to be taken along, someone must have forced them to evacuate with us. That means they must have sniffed out that a large-scale mobilization of mages was in the works and wormed their way on board.

It makes no sense to me. This is almost certainly going to be a one-way trip...

Managing to keep that thought to myself, I focus on confirming the lay of the land, which is visible now that the sun is coming up. The chokepoint has indeed been sealed. There is no doubt remaining: the enemy is going to swarm us. We can hunker down, but even the control staff is going to take a beating from all sides... "Everyone wants to be a hero..."

Hmph. I change focus with a grunt. This must be a worthwhile investment from the Empire's point of view, all those transports being thrown away just for the sake of an airborne operation.

At just around 700 troops, it is possible to manage with only captured supplies. The assumption is that, since magic divisions are being deployed, so long as it is treated as a one-way trip, logistics can be managed from whatever goods we capture. Thus, to maximize the efficiency of this small number of mages, who are being sent to sever communication lines, it is likely rational to also send a small number of specialists with them-one-way, of course- who will be treated as disposable.

Fortunately, the controllers have come with us voluntarily-much more inspiring than having someone forcibly disposed of. The madness of war is an incredible thing.

"Theater-wide warning, theater-wide warning. This is Rhine Control to all mage units in the area. Multiple enemy mage units are launching. Several battalions are currently approaching all three positions at rapid speed."

I smirk as the controller's voice crackles in my ear. Both sides are hard at work now, it seems, as am I. But when it comes to war, humans like to take their jobs seriously. Perhaps it is the effect of regimented training.

And yet... And yet.

It is all well and good to have reservations about being a cog. But if I am to remain whole, self-sufficient, and avoid being disposed of as a defective cog, Tanya herself must first survive.

"The enemy mages are maintaining an average altitude of 7, 500." That seems like an arbitrary height at which to fly. Well, it's not as if these are ace pilots who can choose any altitude they like.

"I think the move is to light them up from above."

An intercept plan using the difference in altitude to our advantage. It's familiar work; I have already made the arrangements in my head and am about to dispatch the troops when the controller's voice interrupts me with something new.

"Salamander 01, this is Rhine Control. There's something strange about the signal from the enemy mages. Are you picking this up, too?"

"Rhine Control, I'm not seeing anything. What is it?"

"My monitoring equipment here is Commonwealth issue, so I may not be used to the difference yet, but... I'm occasionally picking up another, weaker signal mixed in with the signatures flying at 7, 500."

"Static? Or do you think there's some enemy deception going

"I'm not sure. Based on the quality of the signal, it looks like it might be coming from the ground. I can't see below the horizon on this equipment. I'm sorry, but could you check from there?" Naturally, I respond.

"Long-range observation is it? No problem."

The controller is a pro. If they think something seems off, it would be foolish not to take those concerns seriously. To be safe, I call out to my men, "I need two people to climb! Rhine Control, I'm sending up some spotters. I'll send you the observation data."

"I got it," shouts First Lieutenant Grantz in madcap fashion as he zooms into the sky.

"Ah...? Huh. Colonel, I'm picking up a mana signal from the ground! There's definitely a signal there!"

"What are they doing? Tank desant?"

"No, their speed is almost exactly the same as the group flying at 7, 500. They might be flying NOE."

I whistle, impressed at the professional skill of the controller, who was able to pick up on the enemy mages even without look-down capabilities. If they hadn't noticed that something was off, we might have been hit by a last-minute response from an undetected threat.

"Rhine Control, this is Salamander 01. Your hunch was spot-on. Can you process what our spotters picked up with your equipment over there?"

"Salamander 01, I have confirmed. This... Wait, it looks like they have a large contingent of amateurs flying on top, and some skilled fliers hugging the earth below."

"Exactly." I nod, agreeing with the sharp-eyed controller's suspicions.

"Their real goal is probably to attack the base while we're tied up with the decoy above. Not a bad trick... Too bad for them that there's nothing worse than a magic show when the trick has already been given away."

"I'll issue a warning to the rest of the theater. Salamander 01, thanks for your help."

As the controller hastily cuts transmission, likely to warn friendly troops. I smile uncomfortably. It's good to have a pro on our side. Had we kept all our attention on the enemy flying at 7, 500, unaware of what was waiting below, we might have completely overlooked that group. But the Federation mages have now lost their chance.

Yes, it is good to have specialists on your side. Anything that can be left to experts is almost always better handled by them. Specialized knowledge deserves respect.

"All right. Now that control has done their job, it's time to do ours."

I give new orders to the unit, still en route toward the enemy, instructing them to adopt a two-phased formation.

"After we cross the enemy's diversionary unit, commence with concentrated fire at the enemy mage unit flying closer to the terrain. Unilateral fire from a height advantage of 7, 000, except for one company to fortify the rear. This is in the bag."

"Understood," shout the troops, who clearly know what they're doing.

I pick up on the two groups approaching, each covering the other as they go. The preeminence of the Empire's aerial mages in the eastern skies rests on taking the first look, the first shot, the first kill.

The ideal scenario is to detect the enemy first, lay down controlling fire before they can, and finish them off with a single attack. The goddess of victory smiles upon whichever side overcomes the fog of war. Thus, as soon as I detect the enemy, I begin barking orders.

"Listen up. let's engage the decoy as planned. Phase one: collide with the enemy flying at 7, 500. Make them think we're going in for close combat with our magic blades."

It is widely known that Imperial Army mages have a propensity for close combat. The veteran mages of the Empire are old hands at the almost contradictory art of systematically disordered melee.

As a result, once we cut into their ranks, the enemy will likely tighten their defences in response, exactly as expected. Those flying closer to the ground will probably continue forward, assuming their ploy has worked.

My plan is to aim for that moment when our prey's guard is at its weakest. "We want to punch through, not get caught up in a dogfight. After we reach 6, 000, it's time for phase two. Rain hell on those mages flying NOE below. We want them to be fully roasted by the time they even notice we're there.

"Ready?" I ask from the front of the formation. The men respond with enthusiasm.

Of course, the outcome is almost decided. Pushing our Type 97 cores to their limit, our battalion advances, maintaining alignment and appropriate distance. From the enemy's point of view, the sight of our gleaming magic blades can only mean that a dogfight is imminent. The other mages and I easily whip past the decoy Federation troops, who are too focused on defense, behaving as if we are merely making a light pass.

Breaking through and maneuvering the men as if we're about to cut back into the enemy's position, we lay down a decisive carpet of air-to-ground control fire in the form of explosive formulas before our real targets, the low-flying unit, even realize they have been targeted. The barrage of explosions hits our targets with stunning accuracy.

Normally, the Federation Army mages' durable defensive shells would withstand such fire. But what if they happened to be suppressing their shells to limit their mana signals while supporting various NOE flight observation formulas? What would happen if they were caught off guard in such a vulnerable state, barely capable of manifesting more than their basic protective flight films. After all, the enemy's computation orbs are single core. Between monitoring the topography and suppressing their mana signals, as well as maintaining ranks while they fly, they have too many tasks running as it is. After showering them with explosion formulas from overhead, using twin-core Type 97s, it would have been stranger if we hadn't annihilated them.

All the better for our side, as we managed to take out an elite unit with minimal effort.

After all, if we had met them head-on, the damage to our side probably would have been heavy as well, I think. It is disconcerting that the enemy has begun to show such ingenuity. Tanya does not like this at all. If we hadn't noticed them, the enemy might have easily gotten one over on us. This is no laughing matter.

It isn't enough to win a battle, then. It needs to be decisive.

Having repelled the enemy's first wave and secured a limited degree of superiority, it is time to commence repeated and sustained aerial mage attacks: destroy the enemy's lines of communications, cut off their supplies, capture materials-anything is possible. Search out and destroy the railways, roads, and snow-covered pipelines.

Look at how they burn! Aha-ha-ha! All the while, the aerial mages fly through the black smoke in the sky.

Snow, mud, and bodies.

Sortie, attack, land, eat, attack, repel, regroup, charge, attack- and back to base, over and over again, repeating the fevered process with equipment captured from the enemy.

Then, having expended every last ounce of energy-body and soul-in every sense of the word, by the time we finally return to the provisional base built at Baruch Bridge, Tanya's mind is hanging by a thread.

Somehow, I manage to land without crashing. The moment I flop down into the folding chair next to the command desk, an indescribable enervation washes over me. "Bring me a coffee. And not that muddy piss water..."

"Mmm, I'll get it..."

My adjutant's face, as she lurches to her feet by my side, is just as exhausted as my own.

"Damn it! You rest, Visha!" I scream angrily. Perhaps not the best way to put someone to bed. I rub my temples, trying to fend off a headache as I raise my voice. "Orderly! Bring coffee! The real stuff, with caffeine in it!"

None of that substitute garbage.

Even someone as civilized and respectable as me might not be able to control themselves if forced to drink chicory under these already trying circumstances.

I stretch my neck as I engage in some ill-conceived self-care, gulping huge swigs of coffee while I sit in this oddly comfortable chair-probably designed for the behind of some Federation bigwigwhile I also toss some chocolate into my mouth to beat this headache into submission by sheer caloric force.

My shoulders are far too sore for someone in their teens. My neck makes an unpleasant popping sound as I curse softly and stand up to roll it around. I should probably do some light calisthenics to loosen up after all the flying we've done, but it takes phenomenal energy to hoist myself to my feet.

But if I neglect my body now, it won't be long before it starts stiffening up for real.

Just as I start feeling like myself again-using the energy from that warmed-over coffee to lurch to my feet and reluctantly move around-I find that my break is, cruelly, already over. The fact that I set this schedule only adds insult to injury.

Preparing to set out again, I pull out the map and make contact with control.

Three mage divisions landing in enemy territory and operating separately would likely cause a decent amount of trouble for the enemy, but a coordinated, controlled force? That is sure to make them squirm.

As I finish my preliminary planning, I give First Lieutenant Serebryakov a gentle kick.

Just to be clear, it was a very, very gentle kick. But anything less than that and there is no way that my adjutant, who was sleeping like death itself in her own personal dugout, would have ever woken up.

"Wh-wha... Did I fall asleep?"

It doesn't seem as if the first lieutenant even realizes that she had fallen asleep at some point. If there is a limit to exhaustion, we have found it.

"We might start falling asleep while still midair at this rate." Asleep at the proverbial wheel. It is sure to happen any day now. "How terrible," I mutter, still in the operating post as I head off to shake the other men awake, splitting the task with First Lieutenant Serebryakov.

Maybe I should try shouting them awake this time. Although, at this point everyone is exhausted enough to sleep like a log even amid artillery fire, so it would probably be faster to just kick them out of their slumber instead. I sigh, accepting that most of the mages are too exhausted to even stand straight.

How long has it been since we descended on Baruch Bridge? Even our sense of time has grown unclear. With sustained, largescale combat as our norm, our internal clocks have malfunctioned. "Damn it... I was prepared for fatigue, but I hadn't expected it to be this bad," I whisper softly, noticing an officer I vaguely recognize holding a pouch in his hand.

It is one of the mages we scraped together-a major, likely a veteran who has seen his share, though he is looking worse for wear. Despite this, there is a twinkle in his eye.

"Oh, Colonel, look what I found. We may not have medics with us, but we sure do have medic pouches. Would you... would you like some?"

Although he is visibly exhausted, his voice sounds wired. Of course. I respond with a question of my own, finally understanding what is going on with the man.

"Amphetamines? Methamphetamines?"

"It looks like there's tank chocolate, as well. "

Though the offer is made with good intentions, this misplaced kindness is an unwelcome favor. Obviously, someone interested in living a long, healthy life like myself has no intention of taking that stuff.

If it comes down to eating seed rice to survive, I'd rather look for other fields to plow. Valuing Tanya's future, I decide to forage for options other than self-sacrificial drugs.

"None for me. I prefer to be sober when I enter combat."

A corner of my exhausted brain warns me that I am making it sound as if Tanya loves war, but lethargy, fatigue, and the mountains of work I face suddenly inspire uncharacteristic eloquence. "It's true that war is not for the clear-eyed... but the use of drugs should be kept to a minimum and only to reduce pain. That is the most I can allow. We must be stingy with a resource as valuable as a mage."

"If you're worrying about the future right now, you've got luxurious tastes," mutters the officer as he stumbles off. Well, I can see his point. It is a luxury to think about tomorrow when times are this hard.

Yes, of course. I've been living the high life all this time! I flag down some passing orderlies and issue instructions.

"You, distribute real coffee to all the mages. It's just the Federation Army's stores here at Baruch Bridge, so don't be stingy about it."

"Understood!" they shout as they rush off. Meanwhile, I fill my own mug to the brim with more coffee, pouring First Lieutenant Serebryakov a cup as well while I'm at it.

A dull, nondescript Federation-made mug, filled to the brim with what appears to be coffee brought in from the Commonwealth. I also toss in some maple syrup, likely from the Unified States or thereabouts, blend in a bit of milk, recently captured and thus not yet spoiled, as well as a touch of salt.

This luxuriously vomit-inducing, battlefield-ready coffee is now complete. "Visha, try this."

"What is it?"

"It's real coffee. With milk, syrup, and a little salt."

"Thank you," says the adjutant as she takes the mug and, upon sipping, sighs. "This is disgusting. Even if it is real coffee."

"It really is," I say, sipping my own mock café au lait as I contemplate the lunacy of war that forces me to consume genuine coffee in such an atrocious fashion. It is downright uncivilized.

When you consider how far the Imperial Army mages have sunk due to constant pressures of necessity and the need to maintain the status quo, forced to normalize even acts as wretched as this, how can one not keenly feel the death of culture? Although, if you see it as a tiny touch of luxury to help restore our humanity, then maybe this luxuriously vomit-inducing coffee isn't so bad after all.

Coffee-yet another ideal reduced to new gross lows by the lack of military power in wartime. Sighing painfully, I assess my work.

"It does taste disgusting. Fitting for such a disgusting war."

I just arranged for coffee to be distributed to boost morale, but if this is what we're working with... I sigh.

"I don't know if this is actually going to do much good."

"What about alcohol, Colonel?"

"At this point, I suppose the men might as well drink if they want to. I could turn a blind eye to flying under the influence," I say offhandedly, agreeing to loosen the rules-until I suddenly freeze.

Warning bells ring in my head. As a manager, my next thought is almost instinctual: Who will take responsibility? Flying while drunk could lead to an accident. Approving it is one thing, but if something happens, the responsibility will fall on someone's shoulders.

Even if permission is given by word of mouth in enemy territory with no paper trail, there are still tallies to be made. To avoid liability... after a moment of hesitation, I reach a decision.

Tanya did just falsify orders the other day. Why worry about another liability, or two, or three?

no one? Glancing around, I suddenly realize we dropped in with only mages and a small number of controllers. Obviously, no one's dropping legal affairs into enemy territory.

"What was I thinking? Actually, at this point, it doesn't matter. Did any of the mages here graduate from a law department?!"

"Remember, we're talking about mages. Everyone here graduated from either a military academy or a magic training school!"

"But a few reserve officers must have graduated from a university, right? We don't need a dedicated law officer. Even someone with an academic law background will do under the circumstances."

"I don't know what you expect me to find!" First Lieutenant Serebryakov shouts as I chase her from the room with strict orders to find someone immediately. Though, to be honest, I'm not even certain she will succeed.

In the end, she does. Unexpectedly, it seems Imperial mages come from a wide range of backgrounds. Because I ordered her to do it now, she checks the records of all members who landed with us at General Staff. Lo and behold, there is someone at Baruch

Bridge who graduated from a law department, has practical training, and passed several exams. The mage is quickly dragged into my presence.

He is in the prime of his life-a captain, no less. He must have been called up, meaning he has private sector experience. A proper, sensible adult. Exactly the sort of person I'm looking for.

"I, um... was told you wanted to speak to me?"

"Thank you for coming. I would like to temporarily appoint you as a law officer in the hopes that you can provide insight into legal matters. I know this is sudden, but it is a very important commission and you are the only person I can ask."

As the man gulps, I calmly explain what I need.

"I would like you to create an official document."

"Huh? Wh-what kind of document did you have in mind?" he asks nervously.

My face is serious as I continue. "An exemption of sorts. I need you to prepare something to cover us against the very real chance of later prosecution regarding certain measures that will be carried out under extremely unusual and limited circumstances."

I speak circuitously, not wanting to state outright that I expect him to create a document permitting flying under the influence. Tanya's bizarre behavior is enough for the captain to assume something serious is afoot. Of course, the officer strives to hide his shock, even as his eyes betray him.

I remain silent for a time out of awkwardness until finally, the captain, as if resigned, asks for more details in a pleading tone. "Aand what kind of exemption are we talking about, specifically?"

I look away for a moment, unwilling to answer directly. Ordering my subordinates to drive drunk is already a very serious issue. Once I tell him I want a legal exemption for that, he will surely think I have gone mad. Clearly, there are other risks involved with drunk driving during combat flight. I am teetering dangerously close to violating Tanya's duty of care as a good manager!

"Colonel? I'm sorry, but...," he begins, "... do you think you could answer me?" he asks, his tone slightly pointed. I cannot remain silent any longer.

"I cannot shirk my responsibilities-that is why I am asking this of you. These are highly unusual circumstances, but..."

"I believe I am prepared. Please tell me." Okay. I answer him.

"Flying under the influence."

"I... What? Sorry, what did you say?"

"I understand you must feel conflicted. Yes, flying under the influence. It's despicable, I know. But we have no choice now but to violate the rules. You must find the idea abhorrent, but I need you to create this document for me. Consider it an order, if that helps."

"You-flying under the influence... What? This is all about flying under the influence?" the man repeats, his shock evident.

"Yes, exactly." The law is strict. Plastering a look of remorse on my face, I try to show how much I would prefer not to do this. However, I need that document. "Indeed, this is not a joke or a prank. I want to permit flying while under the influence, as an official military measure, as a remedy for the extreme exhaustion that everyone is feeling. These are battlefield measures taken only under exceptional circumstances, but you may indicate, if you like, that they were taken by decision of the Eastern Chief Inspector."

"Wait. So then, this isn't about, like, a massacre or something? Or about disposing of prisoners of war...?"

What? I stare openly into the captain's face.

Why would it have anything to do with something like that? Have we been at war so long that even the civilians, with normal private sector experience, have started to go loopy?

"Don't be ridiculous!" I shout suddenly, in an angry tone. "Just because I'm willing to allow my men to drink and fly doesn't mean I would stoop to anything so low! Rules must be respected! You understand, you've got to understand, I mean it's not like I'm doing this because I want to," I ramble, speaking quickly.

"Atrocious or not, we must handle this according to the rules! I am only allowing, in my judgment as commander, under extremely unusual circumstances, due to militarily urgent pressures of necessity, and with no reasonable substitutes available... and considering precedents of soldiers being allowed to persist with combat operations after using alcohol as a substitute for painkillers... for an exemption within the limited scope appropriate to our goals in terms of on-site discretion! There is nothing here clearly prohibited by military order! Such cases are permitted, are they not?!"

"Um, Colonel, I'm sorry, but if you already understand that, couldn't you have made the document yourself?" he asks.

Perhaps he doesn't wish to be involved in something so heinous, but I have no choice.

"I understand your hesitation, but unfortunately, military regulations require it."

"Does this really rise to a matter of military regulation?"

"Of course it does," I say, nodding earnestly. "Regulations-legal interpretation-are the purview of legal specialists. Thus, exceptions and exemptions must also conform to regulatory procedure." Only by following procedure can Tanya ensure that her individual responsibility remains as limited as possible. This degree of extra effort thus falls within the realm of necessary expenditures.

"I cannot arbitrarily permit a thing like this on my own. A legal specialist must be consulted, as overlooking any angle would constitute negligence. I can answer my own questions until the cows come home, but how will that satisfy regulatory requirements?"

I turn my eyes to him and ask if he understands. The man nods once.

"Okay. Well, I don't think there are any issues."

Oh, and one more thing: "Have it specify that responsibility for the relevant act falls to the relevant agent." So the order is tied to the position rather than to me personally. A small ploy, but there's no telling what such tricks can do. Tanya will take whatever steps she needs to insulate herself. I have my pride, after all, as a Homo economics.

"Um, Colonel? Regarding the official document and order, should

I..."

"Under the circumstances, anything will do. The details do not matter. Just arrange it so that all three airborne mage divisions are permitted to drink. That is the only thing I care about."

The captain nods in understanding, though his face looks tired. "I know I shouldn't say this, but it's kind of farcical, isn't it?"

I nod. "Maybe it would have been faster to just turn a blind eye, but rules are rules."

"Meaning that rules should be obeyed?" he asks dubiously.

I shrug lightly. "This is why procedure is looked down upon, I suppose. But procedural correctness is valuable-even if that doesn't mean much coming from me at the moment."

I find myself overcome by an odd feeling. How strange it is to be confronted with the need to consider what is correct in the midst of carnage. I soon snap out of it.

This is just another elegant piece of evidence that God, or whatever He is, did not create this world with divine intelligence. That is all. Regardless, on this day in the East, a portion of the Imperial aerial mage divisions have now been given permission to fly while under the influence.

In the end, while many soldiers choose to imbibe simply as the only way to power through, getting drunk changes nothing. As I mark various notes on the Federation-made map in our operation center, the reality is painfully clear: Even with repeated sorties and gruelling battles, we have barely made a dent in the colossus that is the Federation Army.

Fly, shoot, fly, shoot. Every meal is eaten with a gun in one hand.

Our air control is thorough, ensuring the enemy regrets underestimating the Empire's experience in large-scale aerial mage battles. Yet this is only the beginning of the enemy's counterattack.

"Elimination of enemy mage units from all areas is complete. Damage to our own units is limited."

Beyond joy or sympathy, even the controller's calm, level voice- tinged with fatigue as they report these results-is filled with profound relief at finally being able to take a nap.

"It looks like we can finally take a short rest...," my adjutant mutters in a hollow voice as she flies by my side. "Yes, even if it is only temporary."

First things first, it's time for a break. The weary mages need their rest if they are to be ready to exploit the next battle. The distant future has no meaning in this here and now; no one knows if they will survive the next fight. On the battlefield, a victory is a victory, even if it is Pyrrhic.

Which is why I want my mages to sleep, and why any half-decent army will do all it can to prevent the enemy from sleeping.

During the night, when everyone off-duty should be sleeping like the dead, the sound of artillery bombards us from all sides-loud enough to make the veil of darkness tremble. Baruch Bridge is supposedly a valuable civilian asset for the Federation, yet the Federation's people seem to have a predilection for vandalism.

"A nighttime bombardment... I can't believe they're using up this much ammunition purely for harassment," I mutter softly in my dugout as I pull a thin blanket over my head once more.

Few foes are as annoying as a commie army that refuses to drown in its own ideology. Such a good and patriotic collective- efficient and purposeful, capable of setting aside ideological schisms to serve necessity-is an enemy that is frustrating beyond belief.

Professional soldiers, disguising themselves in communist clothing: a sheep in wolf's clothing is nothing to fear, but a whole herd of wolves in sheep's clothing? Forget the big-game rifle; this calls for a machine gun.

Tomorrow is sure to be another hard day at war. "Ugh... I don't see why civilized people like us should be forced to put up with this barbarism. It is completely unreasonable...," I mutter as I close my eyes in a feeble act of resistance, indulging in sleep for the brief span until I am woken again.

To sleep when you are tired-the most human of cravings.

## JANUARY 26, UNIFIED YEAR 1928, BARUCH BRIDGE SIEGE CAMP

The dreamers, being bombarded with heavy artillery fire from all directions, were not the only residents on the battlefield. Without someone on the other side to rain down this ludicrous fire, the shells would just materialize from nowhere. But uniformed soldiers are not the only ones party to such gatherings. That is just the way of the world.

For instance, there might be a frowning, unidentified, tea-swilling fellow or two, hailing from a country terminally addicted to its caffeinated leaves-specifically, a few absolutely pleasant chaps who were there in their official capacity to represent the Commonwealth's Foreign Office, but who were, in fact, secretly connected to that nation's intelligence agency.

Due to the necessities of his work, Mr. John now found himself flagrantly engaged as a battlefield observer. He held back a sigh at his own misfortune.

"Oh, we're shaking again..."

A faint ripple spread across the surface of Mr. John's tea, filling him, of course, with fear. It was perhaps a one or two on the seismic scale, but even that felt quite alarming from Mr. John's point of view.

The earth had no business shaking, as far as he was concerned. No-the only thing that ought to rock back and forth is a boat. The experience is pleasant enough on the open waves, but entirely different on land.

Of course, those used to earthquakes would probably laugh and say such a little tremble is no big deal. To which Mr. John would suggest they experience that little tremble on the battlefield instead, if they so wished. It would be an experience they would be none too keen on repeating, he imagined. These epicenters were man-made, after all.

"Well..."

The volume of steel was astounding. The sight of the Federation pouring so much hardware into their captured supply dumps was strangely unsettling. They showed an astonishing lack of reserve.

Almost as soon as the Federation Army commenced its strategic offensive-or whatever it was-Mr. John had been dispatched as part of an observation team by the Commonwealth's intelligence department, which had already sniffed out what was occurring.

The truth was that the Commonwealth had been worried the Federation might win too decisively and had sent in the team to ascertain the situation on the ground-or, in the worst-case scenario, even suggest moving up the formation of a second front by the mainland. Imagine their surprise, then.

Once Rising Dawn began, the Imperial Army's main force-the one the Federation had hoped to annihilate-began to nimbly retreat instead. And just as the Federation Army began to pursue, the Empire deployed an impressive airborne force into the Federation's rear.

The situation, therefore, had taken a drastic turn in just a few days.

On the 14th, the Commonwealth had feared the Federation would win by too wide a margin. By the 20th, they worried that the Empire's counterattack might prove too effective.

And now, as of the 26th, they watched, hands clenched in suspense, wondering why on earth the Federation Army still hadn't managed to clear out those airborne troops.

"... The Imperial Army mages are a thing to be feared," Mr. John muttered, led around the battlefield by his own nose. The Empire had cut off the Federation's communication lines by air-dropping in three mage divisions. By knocking out the Federation Army's logistics, they had ironically induced the colossal Federation force to begin rotting precisely because of its size. Naturally, the Federation, reeling from this blow, had thrown all pretence to the wind and was desperately pouring everything into the enemy in an acute need to recapture their bases.

"Well, the Empire has certainly outdone itself this time," Mr. John sighed softly as he surveyed the battlefield.

Artillery fire. Fierce, overwhelming artillery fire. Probing shells aimed at their mana signatures. In the end, the Federation even deployed early prototype anti-mage guided projectiles provided by the Commonwealth. They were giving those mages no rest.

Which was all well and good, but with all these attacks directed at their own supply dumps-even if they succeeded at restoring their communication lines-what would be the cost? They were destroying their supplies with their own hands. The impact would be significant, at the very least.

Regardless, Mr. John made a mental note: that was something for the Federation to worry about, not him. His job was to confirm the effectiveness of the trial products they had brought along. And those trial products-anti-mage projectiles, howitzer shells with incorporated anti-mage proximity fuses-had proven extremely effective.

"Oh, did they just take out another one?"

In a smashing display, one of those anti-mage projectiles exploded near a mage. Unfortunately for the enemy, there must have been munitions piled up nearby, as the Imperial mages in the vicinity were caught in a secondary explosion and vanished in the resulting explosion.

When it came to trench warfare, smoking out mages once they had hunkered down required heavy hardware. Large-scale deployment of these new munitions might provide a better alternative. It was a very interesting outcome. Very interesting indeed. However, at that moment, Mr. John released a sigh. "If only we had brought a few more of them along..."

They had only brought a dozen or so prototype munitions, meaning their impact on the battle would be extremely limited.

"Manufacturing the fuses is so difficult, it's hard to say if approval for mass production will ever be given. It makes sense to expect field results first, though, I suppose. I've only just confirmed they work. Expecting more at this stage is perhaps too greedy."

Of course, there was another factor Mr. John absolutely could not say out loud-a fact he chose to keep to himself. no one in Federation territory would dare mention that the Commonwealth had wanted to show off its technological superiority to the Federation as a way to curry favor and prevent them from hoarding the honor of ending the war all by themselves.

In other words, this "gift" was a political calculation meant to flaunt their latest technological advancements.

"Hrm? Now what are those imperials doing...?"

Mr. John peered through his binoculars skeptically, noticing strange movement on the imperial side. Perhaps some of the force currently being pelted by artillery was attempting a change of position. He could see movement near Baruch Bridge despite the area being under heavy fire.

If they were withdrawing, it must have been because they were unable to withstand the damage-but as a gentleman of advanced age, Mr. John harboured deep-seated prejudices, including a belief that the Imperial Army had war in its very blood. The moment he saw movement on the imperial side, experience and instinct instantly triggered the phrase "escape forward" from the depths of his mind, setting off massive alarm bells.

"Hopefully I'm just imagining things, but are those mages assembling?"

Imperial Army mages knew when to be decisive. Would they really sit there and take it while artillery-especially new experimental munitions-rained down on them?

"Just a moment..."

At that point, Mr. John's danger sense, honed as a veteran intelligence operative, was on high alert. He did not hesitate. Like a startled rabbit, he grabbed his escort commander's shoulder and urged an immediate withdrawal and destruction of the munitions.

Before the confused commander could utter a word, Mr. John spoke again, "I'm afraid I may have left the stopcock open on the gas at home."

"The what? Th-the gas?"

"Forget it, my good man. We must withdraw now. Immediately."

Mr. John was far too wise to dally. The thought of even a portion of what he knew falling into imperial hands was terrifying. He had no choice. This was one coolheaded, grim decision he had to make.

Abandoning the excited Federation officers busy pummelling the imperial forces, as well as the promising results with the new munitions, Mr. John beat a hasty retreat, taking only the other intelligence officers, their escort, and their guide from the Communist Party (whom he had browbeaten into coming along). Hopping onto a conveniently placed armoured motorbike, Mr. John

escaped toward the safety and distance of the rear lines with his mage retinue, who kept their magic completely sealed. This time, he left no parting gifts behind.

"Hopefully I'm just being over-cautious...," he murmured. He knew they should have exploded the munitions before leaving, but there wasn't enough time. Wishful thinking is never a good idea when facing the Devil of the Rhine.

"I'd certainly feel better if Drake were here."

But, unfortunately, Lieutenant Colonel Drake had been promoted to colonel and was now working diligently in Ildoa for the Alliance's sake-a step taken for political expediency, but at times like this, Mr. John still wished for a hero like Drake by his side.

"Shame, but there's no use asking for the impossible."

This was a scene best left to the young. Mr. John was far too old for this.

## THE SAME DAY, BARUCH BRIDGE ROOST

As someone who would rather lounge and sleep my days away, I find the problem dropped into my lap utterly unreasonable: How should the mages respond to having their sleeping quarters bombarded just as they are waking, with munitions apparently fitted with some sort of VT fuse?

But in war, there is no time for dithering. The answer is simple: counterattack and capture the actual fuse. Even if we fail to capture it, the secondary effect of forcing the enemy to destroy part of their own firepower will be worthwhile. An immediate and decisive counterattack is the best course of action.

After this thought process-the process of an imperial soldier with war in his blood-I gather the mages while rubbing sleep from my eyes. I decide to lead a company on a contour flight to wedge directly into the attacking enemy and control the position-a collision course to take out their artillery.

"Our target: the enemy's artillery position! Prioritize capturing or destroying any advanced munitions!

"Get it done!" I order, swimming amid magic bullets and artillery shells. Life on the battlefield, where fire and smoke are daily companions, is as relentless as it is brutal.

To my great surprise, these halcyon days-when munitions rain down like railway gun fire-will soon crumble beneath our feet. In a corner of one of the trenches, at a relatively sturdy roost, I raise an eyebrow at a notice I have just received.

"What?! You're certain of this, Visha?!"

"Yes." My adjutant nods morosely.

I have just received bad news. We were together for only a week -a week full of warmth and gentle, digestible meals. Yes, it was our field kitchen. In the short time since we captured it from Federation hands, it had served three hot meals a day without fail. The poor thing.

Now, our last remaining field kitchen has been completely obliterated by railway gun fire. I can only pray it is a mistake. I send my adjutant to confirm, clinging to hope deep inside, but that hope is quickly dashed. The kitchen has been rendered completely unusable.

"Well, if that isn't a kick in the shitter...," I mutter.

As far as I am concerned, this is horrendous news. I want to kick and scream. If combat personnel cannot eat well, they cannot fight well. A deterioration in rations immediately and drastically reduces fighting potential.

Naturally, missing one meal won't cause starvation. Baruch Bridge is a supply depot we recently captured. In terms of food, we have plenty. Enough supplies to feed an entire echelon, even. And we are only a single division of Imperial mages. Forget three meals a day; we could feed ourselves every hour if necessary. Even with Federation supplies being destroyed by railway guns and other heavy artillery, there is more than enough left.

But regardless of our supplies, a problem remains.

Human food must be prepared. Most meals are not as accessible as MREs. Even with staple foods like bread, the best we can do now is order dry bread to be captured. It's not like we dropped in with a bakery company, after all.

Previously, we had at least been able to prepare meals using captured field kitchens... but now that the last kitchen has been blown apart, our meal preparation efficiency has taken a drastic nosedive.

Although we have captured a veritable mountain of foodstuffs and ingredients, due to our limited staff and equipment, we are forced to subsist on dry, cardboard-like emergency bread and slimy, cardboard-flavored tins of fish. Only non-perishables are available while all those delicious, safely stored meat and vegetables sit tantalizingly out of reach.

This is bad. It will shatter morale.

"A thoroughly unpalatable situation, in every sense of the word..." "Mages are used to favorable treatment, after all," my adjutant observes.

I agree wholeheartedly.

"If they can't eat well, they won't get enough calories. It's not just a morale issue. It's about stamina. Like fighter jets without enough fuel, there's no telling what kind of dent indigestion could put in our fighting potential..."

Just as athletes need sufficient calories, soldiers do, too. Yet, there is a limit to how much one can force down before the stomach protests. There's nothing more miserable than diarrhoea amid battlefield sanitation conditions. This is why properly prepared, sanitary, high-calorie meals are preferred... but wishing for what we can't have will be our undoing.

"Let them nibble on chocolate for now, but we'll have to figure something out soon. Should we assign mess duty? But if that interferes with sleep time and rotations..."

"Colonel, what if I ask for volunteers and do it myself?"

While tempting, after some thought, I reject the idea. "No, Visha. You sleep."

We are all too short on sleep. Imagine how much more exhausted everyone would be if we added mess duty to everything else.

"It's fine-just rest," I say, cradling my adjutant in my arms and gently tossing her onto her pallet. Someone this tired should fall asleep immediately, even after being tossed around like a sack of potatoes.

"It may seem like a simple household task, but this isn't a garrison where food takes care of itself...," I mutter with a sigh as I pull a thin blanket over my head.

After a moment spent pulling my hair out in the operations center, I suddenly raise my head.

The whistle of flying shells and then the dreaded, heavy sound of impact... The reinforced trench shakes in a manner that is anything but fun.

"Damnit, it's that railway gun again."

That gun is as powerful as a warship deck gun. They are lighting us up. It is neither pleasant nor fun. One explosive formula from close range would solve our problem, but the enemy is as aware as we are of how fragile a railway gun can be. Do we stand any chance of cutting through the enemy defense unit lying in wait with thick anti-air fire?

It all sounds like a pain, but we will never get revenge for what they did to our field kitchen if we are afraid to act. Besides, I'm worried I might lose my cool if I'm forced to just around sit and get shot at this entire time.

"Damn it, I guess we're going to have to take out that gun as well."

It will be hard work, but if I frame it as revenge for our lost hot meals, the men will likely be enthusiastic. It's time to put together a counterattack plan, but I have already tossed First Lieutenant Serebryakov into dreamland. Since I cannot foist any more work onto my men, the finer details must fall to me.

It can't be helped, I decide, as I begin speaking to control via my orb.

"Rhine Control, this is Salamander Commander. We are preparing to send mages to seek and destroy enemy artillery. Please send the enemy railway gun's coordinates," I say, staring at the map to ensure everything is in place.

However... How strange. Usually the response from control is immediate and chipper, but today they seem to be lagging for some reason.

"Hrm? Rhine Control?"

I double-check the channel. There doesn't seem to be anything wrong.

"Rhine Control, please respond," I say again. Still nothing.

"Damn it, don't tell me control went the way of our field kitchen."

The control team had been operating out of the captured Federation command post. Naturally, most of the equipment they used was captured from the Federation Army, meaning the Federation knew exactly where control was located. It is doubtful even a command bunker could withstand sustained shelling from a railway gun.

"We can't take much more of this..."

The controller is silent. There is no way to know whether the equipment has been damaged or if the personnel have been taken out... Either way, our ability to mount a systematic resistance has been dramatically reduced.

Our food is terrible, and control is gone. Damn you, war!

This is not good. It is downright dangerous, in fact. I suddenly start to feel dizzy as I sit in my command chair.

First of all, Tanya has absolutely no interest in dying or making a grand sacrifice for the Empire. I pride myself on my clear thought processes and sense of self-preservation-they are too strong to ever allow me to enter a state of complete recklessness. But I have no choice but to reject the nightmare world in which the Federation Communist Party plays mommy and daddy. Individual freedom is why Tanya is fighting so hard. Yes, fighting for now, but control has gone dark. I think for a moment.

"Not to be repetitive, but our goal was to sever enemy lines of communication and apply pressure-a simple role. Essentially, the longer we hold out, the more the enemy's front line will starve."

Unlike decapitation tactics, this is not a one-and-done attack. The longer we remain, the stronger the effect. Naturally, the higher-ups expect overtime. But how long are we to hold out? How long will we serve as a punching bag for the Federation before General Zettour in the capital deems it reasonable to pull us out?

We have already bought them plenty of time. From the 14th to the 26th, we have done more work than any workhorse could dream of. We have captured enemy logistic bases and held our ground for over a week. Carryable provisions typically last around three days, so surely we have stalled enough by now.

Honestly, expecting us to remain here any longer... Just then, I notice footsteps approaching-it is my second-in-command, peeking into the command dugout.

"Major Weiss?"

- "We've received a message from the General Staff in an

- encrypted long-range transmission."

Oh? I turn my head. News from the operations center.

"We have...? Well, this is a surprise. It seems there are indications that the muddy season will arrive early this year. Almost a whole month early, in fact!"

"Yes. It appears the capital is concerned over the sudden change in weather conditions and has decided to issue a warning."

Major Weiss's face registers indescribable relief, bewilderment, and hesitation.

- "The Federation Army is lucky. This means our armor won't be - able to make much headway."

Only a few high-level officers understand this isn't the truth. Both Major Weiss and I know it well. The Empire has no reserves anymore.

The excuse of "tank running gear can't make it through the mud" is just that-an excuse. The muddy season usually comes at the end of February, but these early signs provide the perfect pretext to halt our advance.

- "If only it hadn't been such a warm winter. The higher-ups must - be so upset."

- "Yes, I'm sure they are beside themselves."

We both understand.

The truth is, the Empire was the one originally looking forward to the muddy season. During the mud season, equipment sinks, and the Federation is expected to abandon its offensive. It is the Empire that is saved by the mud.

This is not something that can be said out loud, but it is the situation we find ourselves in. Either way, it is a wonderful pretext for abandoning our counterattack. Consequently, the three mage divisions that boldly dropped into enemy chokepoints-the vanguard of our counteroffensive-can now retreat. Due to nature's vagaries, the armoured units will not arrive in time, so there is no reason for the mage divisions to continue holding these positions. They can go home now.

Of course, the mages know full well that the worsening road conditions are merely a pretext. The ground is still solid, but there's no need to say that out loud.

"As regrettable as it is, it looks like our role here is finished..."

"Yes. Due to environmental pressures, the aerial mage divisions have been ordered to help consolidate the front line instead."

"Indeed! After accomplishing their goals and returning to their prescribed roles, the triumphant troops can now be transferred to more localized positions!"

Just like the daihon'ei happyou of Imperial Japan, we are the ones who must resort to burlesque now. What a wonderful world, so full of surprises.

In any case, Tanya stares at Major Weiss as she speaks, every word rich with distilled emotion.

"We must redeploy back to the front line. Triumphantly, of course."

"Sorry? Colonel?"

Tanya is well-versed in history. She knows how later generations would mock the Japanese Imperial Headquarters' use of the phrase "transferred." Half-hearted vanity is inescapable in this world. If I understand General Zettour correctly, he intends for our departure to appear as bold and fearless as possible. He would probably send the mages straight back into the lion's den if he thought it might help prevent the Empire from being seen as having exhausted its forces.

Making our exit appear majestic and triumphant is one way to ensure our spine remains intact.

"The mage divisions must spread more violence. We are being transferred. Let us vent our remaining rage upon the battlefield as we go."

"Doesn't that seem reckless, considering how depleted we are?" "All the same, Major..."

I harbour no illusions about the state we are in. Our current status can be summed up in two words: black and blue.

"I doubt even Visha will rise and shine without a good kick. I just tossed her into her bed a moment ago. The level of exhaustion among the mages is extensive."

However, calculating from a bird's-eye view, I am confident that this is what rationality demands.

"It can't look as if we are running when we take our leave."

"Because it would expose that our army is exhausted?" "Precisely," I agree.

"Even if this is just fabricated heroism... we must show the world that, against the Federation, it is the Imperial mages who are the threat. Which is why we must make a triumphant return."

"But... that will involve paying an incredible sacrifice."

"Necessity can justify any sacrifice, however great."

The look in my second-in-command's eyes seems uncertain. I nod; this is what total war means-to control the narrative.

The Imperial mages conduct themselves as expected. We bombard the airwaves with chatter, making it clear that friendly forces have only abandoned their pursuit due to environmental circumstances, and that this change is beyond our control.

An Imperial Army Victory Tour! A leisurely, long-distance evacuation through the air by three whole mage divisions. We make a show of it as we retreat, attacking any Federation units we encounter, collecting imperial stragglers, commandeering enemy runways, and staging simple banquets in enemy territory.

This is an evacuation, but to the outside world, it appears as a bold and triumphant return.

We even hold a public wine tasting via radio with what we've stolen from enemy forces, ensuring the world has a front-row seat to the rambunctiousness of the Imperial mages.

It is not over yet. We continue to flaunt our courage and fortitude. We patrol the skies for more notches to add to our belts. We obliterate any Federation mages we encounter as if they were made of paper. We publicize how alive and well we are as we decimate the Federation's railways.

The world does not yet know that this is the last vain hurrah of what remains of the Imperial mages. And because they do not know it, it becomes a myth-a legend of how the great and powerful Empire took its revenge, in classic imperial fashion, against the Federation.

It is precisely because this narrative is an illusion that word spreads so widely.

## JANUARY 30, UNIFIED YEAR 1928, EASTERN ARMY OFFICERS' HALL

Those responsible for spinning this legend return in glorious triumph.

After returning triumphantly and receiving congratulations, basking in the limelight, the magic officers faithfully turn their eyes to what they desire most in this world.

Sleep.

We have been dying for it. We sleep, jump from our beds to eat, and then sleep once more.

Recovering our strength in the gloriously named Officers' Hall, two magic officers, the world-renowned pride of the Empire, lift their heads like zombies from rustic bedding. It is Lieutenant Colonel Tanya von Degurechaff and her adjutant.

"Phew, I'm so tired."

"Yes, I'm so tired as well. As tired as can be. This time...," my adjutant murmurs in an exhausted voice, "... was quite the experience. We've been through plenty of airborne drops before, but something about this one... It was a little too intense. I think I might be developing an allergy to airborne operations."

"Why, Visha! An allergy, you say? You should hurry and report that toone of the medical officers before it gets any worse. I'm sure they'll write you a prescription for it."

"Oh? What kind of prescription?" asks the adjutant blankly.

"A prescription for a backup parachute, of course. That should help you get over your fear of the sky."

"A parachute? I'm an aerial mage, in case you forgot."

"Don't be ridiculous, Lieutenant. Didn't you read the instructions? Drops are supposed to be made with parachutes."

Grinning, Visha and I stand. Sadly, we know that, while we sleep, the work continues to build up.