## THE FIRST HALF OF JANUARY, UNIFIED YEAR 1928, REPAIR YARD, EASTERN ARMY DISTRICT REAR

The Imperial Army had many captains.

Among them, there was one sad captain who, after barely being allowed any time at all in the capital over New Year's, was cruelly thrust back into the East before his champagne glass had even run dry. That man's name was Captain Ahrens, the leader of Salamander Kampfgruppe's armoured forces.

Being worked to the bone comes with the territory for middle management, no matter where someone may be, but Ahrens also had the privilege of being overworked as a cog in an organization.

It was time for redeployment to the East, and it was the middle management on the ground who were left to implement the whims of higher-ups.

Thus, before Captain Ahrens knew it, he was being shuttled off to the East at breakneck speed. On top of that, while the Kampfgruppe's main force was ushered along to a spot near Eastern Command-as if borne along by an angry wave-due to the state of their tanks, the armoured unit was held back near the rear, alone.

If Captain Ahrens had been the type who preferred to avoid the front lines, he would have likely celebrated and counted himself lucky. But unfortunately for Ahrens, he took his role as a tanker very seriously. Furthermore, he was also the type of man who was extremely well suited to the Salamander Kampfgruppe.

"Why are we the only ones stuck back here?!" cried Captain

Ahrens after realizing that he had been left behind at the eastern repair yard.

"This makes no sense! Just give me different tanks! I'll use them better than anyone else out there will!" he said. "What do you mean, there aren't any reserves?! Then just fix the running gear on these for now and send us back to the front! The rest of the Kampfgruppe is already there!"

Captain Ahrens was indignant. He ranted and raved. "Faster! Do something!" He was desperate to see the timeline for getting his unit back to the front pushed forward even a millimeter. However, he could butt his head against that bureaucratic wall as hard as he liked. It was getting him nowhere.

In the first week of January, Captain Ahrens and the bureaucratic structure soon found themselves at loggerheads.

"Sonofabitch... Why does nothing go the way it should? When is it going to be my turn?" The tank commander threatened and wheeled, intent on getting his way, but under the circumstances, he was forced to recognize that it was hopeless. After all...

Captain Ahrens chewed silently on the butt end of his cigarette as he took a good look around. The yard was already piled high with countless vehicles, all marked for repair.

Whether they were husks good only for spare parts or damaged tanks that would likely be refurbished, the repair yard had essentially become a graveyard.

However, despite how early it was in the year, a myriad of repair staff were already busy at work. It was all hands on deck around the clock, with the men working in shifts. They had even brought out real chocolate, sent in by special shipment-probably to keep up morale. It showed how serious the higher-ups were about getting those tanks out.

With so many people and parts available, Captain Ahrens had felt hopeful at first. As long as they had parts and workers to fall back on, the repairs needed for his tanks should have been relatively easy.

To his surprise, however, Eastern Army Command was harder up than even Ahrens had imagined, for tanks and fuel both. All these engineers and all this fuel were still a far cry from what was needed to meet demand.

Efficiency had been thrown out the window. This facility for the recovery and refurbishment of abandoned tanks had long since been transformed into a round-the-clock hub of activity.

As a result, the eastern army repair yard was already pulling its hair out to secure tanks for its own forces. They had no interest in fielding requests from an outsider.

"Depending on our schedule, we might be able to discuss the possibility next month... but I wouldn't expect much."

The fearless Captain Ahrens, commander of Salamander Kampfgruppe's armoured force, frowned, ready to scream, but he could see things from their point of view. General Zettour had uprooted the whole force and transferred it to Ildoa, leaving the eastern army's tank situation strained, to say the least. With a deficit in armoured forces and a grave shortfall in numbers, Ahrens understood why the eastern army would be greedy for every last tank it could get its hands on.

With so much on their plates already, the yard hardly wanted to add more unnecessary work to their roster. And besides, Salamander Kampfgruppe was part of a force that had been taken out of the East and sent into Ildoa. Not that the Salamander Kampfgruppe had done anything wrong, but the facts were the facts. People were already waiting their turn in the East, making them none too keen to let the Salamander Kampfgruppe, which had only just returned from southern operations, cut to the front of the line.

Thanks to the General Staff's stamp of approval, Ahrens's unit technically came at the top of the totem pole. But as his unit needed a full overhaul rather than just simple repairs, there was only so much the yard could do.

"Isn't there some way...?" Captain Ahrens pleaded. The yard inspector simply pursed his lips and turned away. Ahrens had his answer.

The days passed, gloomy and uneventful, with Captain Ahrens chafing at the bit. Once he heard there was fierce fighting on the front, he couldn't take it anymore. When he was told of the

Federation Army's attack on January 14-what would later come to be known as Operation Rising Dawn-the pressure reached a boiling point and Captain Ahrens exploded.

He was, quite literally, bursting with fighting spirit. Understandable, of course. Ahrens was a panzer commander down to the bone. What respectable tanker could stomach lounging about in the rear while there was fighting to be done? No, tankers were a particularly proactive breed of Homo sapiens-the kind that treasure direct action and saw boldness and intrepidity as the ultimate virtues.

With the typical directness of a tanker, Ahrens approached every door available in search of tanks. Obviously, he would have preferred his own trusty tanks, but seeing as they weren't available... Officers accustomed to the front lines tend to look for whatever they can get, and this was no exception. Ahrens was going to have to make do with whatever he could procure on-site. And the truth was, there was one particular inventory that had captured Captain Ahrens's eye.

It was not, however, the yard's. After all, driving tanks directly for long distances tended to damage running gear. The inventory Ahrens was after was one found much closer to the front and the unit's main force.

If there were just tanks waiting around to fall into Ahren's lap, then surely the Empire couldn't have been so hard up in the first place, could they? That is a fair point. But Salamander Kampfgruppe's special status meant there was a supply source tailor-suited to their needs located exactly where they needed it. Specifically... Ahrens was thinking of the inventory under urgent maintenance at the arsenal attached to Eastern Army Command.

Eastern Command's secret stash.

Captain Ahrens had quickly sniffed out this prize.

Naturally, this armoury was one of Eastern Army Command's prized possessions. To be precise, after the armoured units were redeployed and command was left in the lurch, they had gone around to every corner they could to make ends meet, collecting damaged tanks and repairing captured equipment in order to steadily build up their meager armoured force into something halfway decent.

A single tactical unit, at least... In the end, however, they only managed to scrounge up less than a company's worth of tanks.

If Ahrens asked to borrow those tanks, it was pretty obvious where they would tell him to shove it. But that didn't matter right now. All Captain Ahrens cared about at the moment was that there was a company of tanks just sitting there, ripe for the taking. The details could be worked out later. Ahrens had already been clamouring for command to lend him those tanks even before the Federation attack had started. Could he just borrow them? Just for a little while? The real waste was for them to just sit there not being used, wasn't it?

On the fourteenth, when shelling began, Ahrens had begged his hardest. If they were already using the tanks, that would have been the end of the story, but if they weren't, then by all means, let Ahrens have a go at it!

But no. Once it became clear that neither telephoning nor telegrams were going to get Ahrens anywhere, then, by God, like the true man of action that he was, Ahrens was just going to have to go in person.

Unfortunately, open seats in transport planes were limited, and the vehicle situation on the ground was even worse. Captain Ahrens had honestly begun to wonder whether he should just go alone and trick the mechanics into becoming his tankers.

Experience, however, soon suggested a better plan. "What if I take a page out of the colonel's book?"

Clapping his hands together, the captain negotiated with a mage battalion flying toward the vicinity of command on orders from the Eastern Chief Inspector. He was somehow able to convince the battalion to drag him and twenty tankers to where they needed to go.

The mages transported artillery gunners in Ildoa, or so Captain Ahrens claimed in a bold bluff. Usually, it would never even occur to an armoured unit commander that a mage could carry a person easily enough. It took a commander from the Salamander Kampfgruppe, someone already up to his eyeballs in mages, to think up an idea like that.

In any case, by the next day, he had already stormed the maintenance base near command, seizing one of the technical officers and haranguing him to "lend" them their tanks. "What's the issue? Just let us use them for a little while. We're just borrowing them, that's all," said Captain Ahrens, dragging the poor, confused technical first lieutenant out by the shoulder.

"But, Captain, they aren't our tanks to lend..."

"But no one's using them right now, are they, Lieutenant? Can't you see there's a war going on here?!"

Fine. Captain Ahrens decided to change tactics. "These are vehicles that were collected from the front line and repaired, and are just waiting to be sent back in, right? In that case, why don't I take them there for you?"

"And drive them around a bit yourself while you're at it, I bet!" said the technical first lieutenant, with a look of exasperation. Captain Ahrens, however, shook his head with wounded pride.

"No more than minimally necessary for self-defense. Worry not, I am a veritable coward."

"I'd sooner buy in to empty promises from upper brass than believe a tanker's tall tales of cowardice and self-defense!"

"Please, you can trust me. I am just an honest, upright panzer commander."

"Don't give me that!"

"I asked before I borrowed, didn't I? See, this is me asking! Come on!"

"What did I say?! This is exactly why I hate tankers," cried the poor technician, but Ahrens paid him no mind, continuing to zealously insist he "lend" them the tanks.

Before the technician could answer again, their almost comical back-and-forth was suddenly interrupted by the sound of sirens. "The air raid siren?!" Their astonishment only lasted a moment.

Captain Ahrens and the technical first lieutenant, though from different branches, shared the same instinctual habits. They immediately called off their fruitless squabble and dove for the nearest dugout.

It was just a shallow hole, barely large enough for one person, but it was still far better than nothing.

In the middle of a bombardment, no one can help but pray that, whatever else happens, a bomb won't drop on their head. If one had drunk down the cocktail-not so much of courage as of experience and resignation-one might also stare up at the sky on the lookout for enemy aircraft carrying possible payloads.

Captain Ahrens was a tanker. In other words, he was a creature used to riding around in the coffin of steel known as a tank. The obvious catch was that, even if enemy aircraft appeared, a tank couldn't just run and hide. Spend enough time on battlefields where air superiority was out of your hands, and enemy aircraft became as loathsome to a tanker as an AT gun.

The enemy had firm control over the skies. Thus, Captain Ahrens -experiencing a strange mixture of relief at being hunkered down in a dugout instead of in a tank, and discomfort at not being surrounded by armor-expected to have plenty of time to settle in, stare at the sky, and curse the tides of battle.

These expectations, however, were not met, for Captain Ahrens then realized that something strange was happening. With nothing else to do, he stared at the dreaded enemy aircraft, which should have been striking them at any minute, until he noticed something off.

"I don't think I've ever seen that model before..."

There were no fighter bombers or the like buzzing across the sky at that moment-which was all well and good, but a heavy bomber could easily annihilate the roads with level bombing.

Neither prospect was great. Ahrens tried to make out the plane's shadow. For some reason, though, as far as he could tell from this distance, although the plane's body was squat and fat, it did not resemble any bomber he recognized.

Just as Captain Ahrens was thinking the plane seemed too large even for newer heavy bombs, he furrowed his brow, realizing that the enemy had begun to drop something.

"That's falling pretty far away. Did they miss? It happens. But the fall seems unusually slow..."

As if it were a parachute...? Well, who knows? Maybe sometimes bombs are dropped with parachutes. But Captain Ahrens knew of something even more dangerous than bombs that could also be dropped from planes.

"What? No, that can't be. Can it?"

Captain Ahrens's education as an officer with the Salamander Kampfgruppe meant he was more than familiar with the ways a unit could drop in from above and lay waste to an enemy's position. His experience told him that whatever was happening right now was very bad.

And as a veteran officer, Ahrens knew that allowing himself to become blinded by normalcy bias was a surefire way to get killed. His battlefield experiences had etched that fact into his bones, whether he liked it or not.

In the next instant, Captain Ahrens completely reversed his plan to wait out the attack in an air shelter and, as a veteran, began bellowing the alarm.

"Airborne! Those are enemy airborne troops! It's a combat drop!"

The enemy was carrying out an airborne assault on command. Captain Ahrens understood perfectly well what that meant: a decapitation strike designed to take out Eastern Army Command's head while it was in the midst of a large-scale operation. If that strike landed, it would be an instant knockout. Match over. Having been on the offensive end of such strikes before, Captain Ahrens knew just how powerful decapitation tactics could be. Now, finding himself on the receiving end for the first time, he trembled at the savagery of it all.

"All armoured personnel, prepare to deploy! Don't forget ammo and fuel, but prioritize getting those tanks up and running above all else! Get moving!"

At Ahrens's command, the tankers leapt from their dugouts, completely undisturbed by the risk of bombardment as they began running toward the precious tanks, fuel, and equipment.

"Get those tanks moving! Hurry it up!"

They scrounged together cans of fuel and whatever ammunition they could get their hands on. "This should be enough to get them going!" With cries of excitement, the tanks began to move out.

Naturally, as a member of the Salamander Kampfgruppe, Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff had instilled in Captain Ahrens the importance of playing by the rules. He didn't forget his p's and q's before leaving.

"I'm borrowing these, Lieutenant," he said. Emergency or not, communication and consultation were fundamental.

Unfortunately, due to a cultural barrier, this fine show of consideration on Captain Ahrens's part was met with rebuttal-and even abuse-from the exasperated technical first lieutenant. "Borrow?! More like rob, you mean!"

"What? Clearly we are evacuating them in the face of enemy bombardment. This is an emergency, remember?" said Captain Ahrens, delivering his most reasonable and heartfelt appeal. After a moment of waffling, the first lieutenant in charge of the tanks reluctantly agreed.

"Well... Try not to damage them at least, okay?!" he sobbed. To which Captain Ahrens nodded in solemn reassurance, the height of sincerity and practicality.

"I will give it my most sincere, most serious, most dedicated effort."

"Why do I not believe you?!"

This was a fine moment for Captain Ahrens and the on-site technical first lieutenant to reflect on the sad reality that trust can only be built upon a foundation of shared achievement and interpersonal relationships.

The technical first lieutenant took his position very seriously. He shouted warnings over the radio as the tanks charged away: "Don't overestimate your armor! A lot of the tanks have been wrecked or blasted! Most of them have just been patched up. Even the running gear...!"

The radio receivers, at least, seemed to be in good order. For all their yapping, the engineers seemed to know what they were doing. Captain Ahrens stroked his chin in satisfaction.

"Not bad. Looks like it even comes with service and warranty."

Patting the vehicle's armor with satisfaction, Captain Ahrens broke into a grin and addressed the world, repeating his favourite phrase:

"All right, tanks, move out!"

In the end, Captain Ahrens was only able to borrow around ten tanks. The tankers operating them formed a slapdash unit consisting not only of the men under his command, but also a collection of hastily mobilized repair yard engineers.

Although, seeing as they had managed to deploy ten whole tanks without prior warning, it was a decent enough reserve force, all things considered. The dropping Federation airborne infantry were going to be in for a big surprise when they saw the kind of armor that was waiting for them. It would take at least a light AT gun- maybe something close in power to an anti-tank rifle-to pierce through the tanks. This would be enough to force the Federation troops to take a defensive posture and pull out their anti-tank grenades in an attempt to keep them at bay.

However, the Federation force had the power to maintain their defensive posture. Even worse, there was still a possibility of Federation reinforcements showing up.

"There goes tank number four...! Seven, too!"

"Fuck," spat out Captain Ahrens, pulling his tank back into cover. They could try to provide relief, but the enemy had already gained fire superiority.

"Is that an AT gun? That's an AT gun, isn't it?! Where does an airborne unit get off lugging in AT guns...?!"

"Captain, that's one of our guns!"

"What did you just say?!"

This news, received over the radio from one of his men, left Captain Ahrens unexpectedly dumbfounded. Without thinking, he thrust himself out of his hatch and turned his binoculars in the direction of the dreaded AT gun.

Well, isn't this a fine kick in the pants.

"Those idiots at command let their guns get captured?!"

Screaming curses, the tank commander did the only thing he could: he urged his men to hull down.

"Shit, and we're sitting here with junk for armor!"

Restored tanks left plenty to be desired. No matter how much effort you put into reinforcing a restored tank's armor, it would never be quite good enough. Restored tanks were hopeless against AT guns. Softened armor, for example, was no match for an imperialmade tungsten core round.

To make matters worse, the maneuvering carried out by these Federation troops was practiced enough to give even Captain Ahrens a shiver. Relying on the AT gun for suppression, the Federation's airborne infantry were nimbly and steadily closing in, hunting their tanks.

"We can't let them get close. Don't we have any cover?!" murmured Captain Ahrens to himself. Without support from friendly infantry, his tanks were just massive targets.

Captain Ahrens was just beginning to think this looked like the end when he received a report from one of the tank commanders positioned behind him that nearly made his eyes bug out of his head.

"New enemies sighted! A truck is approaching!"

What? Captain Ahrens barely processed what he heard before turning around and parroting his subordinate's words. "A truck?!"

Ahrens turned to look. There was, in fact, a cluster of cargo trucks visible in the distance, ambling forward slowly, almost at walking pace. But they were definitely approaching. His brain immediately began to picture the worst. First an airborne unit, and now ground troops?!

Of course, Ahrens had known, in the back of his mind, that more enemy troops could be coming. But the arrival of enemy reinforcements at that exact moment was so terrifying that even the bold and courageous Captain Ahrens could do nothing more than gulp and clench his fist to keep from swearing. "It's too soon!" he would have shouted. "Where did these bastards even come from?!"

Just as Captain Ahrens-determined to dig his heels in until the last-was deciding it was better to get the jump and shell them first, the rug was suddenly swept out from under him. But in the best way possible.

"Th... they're friendlies!" shouted the soldier who had informed Captain Ahrens of the presence of the trucks, his voice practically bursting with joy. The soldier stared through his binoculars as he repeated, "They're friendlies! It's reinforcements!" "What?"

Captain Ahrens began to question the man's sanity. Maybe he had cracked from the strain of battle. Poor fellow, so delicate... Just to be safe, however, Captain Ahrens pointed his own binoculars toward the approaching gaggle of trucks once more.

He was right. They might not have been in the best shape, but upon closer inspection, he could confirm they were genuine imperialmade trucks. Of course, everyone used what they could as long as they could. Both sides had captured and lost plenty of equipment along the way. It would have been delusional to assume these were friendly forces based solely on the make of the trucks. In fact, enemies disguised as allies were the biggest threat of all... Just then, his eyes alighted on a person atop one of the combat trucks, waving a gun.

"Is that... Lieutenant Tospan?! Then that must be... the main unit!!"

"Yes, sir," said the subordinate over the radio, in ecstatic agreement with Captain Ahrens.

"They're allies! It's the Salamander Kampfgruppe!"

The moment Captain Ahrens understood that the approaching trucks were packed full of friendly infantry, he roared with joy, waving his cap at First Lieutenant Tospan. What a beautiful world, after all!

"I could kiss him right now!"

More than kiss, even.

There was no sight more blissful than relief troops boldly galloping to rescue, all the more so when that rescue came in the shape of old friends.

"Captain Ahrens?! What are you doing here?!"

"I saw the fireworks starting. You can't expect a tanker to sit around and take a nap at a time like this! No, tankers rush in toward the sound of gunfire! If there's one thing that's always true, you know it is that!" replied the tanker in high spirits, grinning from ear to ear.

He hadn't forgotten the predicament they were in, however.

Despite his joy at the reunion, he quickly filled First Lieutenant Tospan in on the situation.

"Command is still putting up a resistance. As far as I can tell, they haven't fallen yet. However, the airborne enemy has the advantage in numbers. The infantry they dropped in were initially light on firepower, but they've upped their threat thanks to artillery they seem to have captured from our side... At this rate, things look dicey," he briefed Tospan quickly before the first lieutenant could even ask a question.

As it turned out, First Lieutenant Tospan and his men were the spearhead of a relief force led by Captain Meybert, dispatched on Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff's orders to support command.

"It's time to get to work, then. Now that we've got the infantry and tanks back together, this should be familiar ground. Let's do it like we always do," said Ahrens, clapping Tospan on the shoulder encouragingly and flashing a knowing look. For better or worse, as far as instruments of violence went, their Kampfgruppe was perfection.

They continued to fire off their cannons, using the tanks to apply slow, steady pressure. Whenever the enemy-who lacked their own armor-attempted to engage them in close combat, Tospan's infantry used suppressing fire to drive them back, steadily securing a foothold.

When it came to textbook tank assaults, Captain Ahrens and First Lieutenant Tospan knew their respective roles down to a T. Their experience, acquired through blood and sweat, was obvious in their actions. They operated like a well-oiled machine in the cauldron of battle. As a result, by the time Captain Meybert and the guns he had dragged with him arrived to join the fight, the groundwork needed for the tanks, infantry, and artillery arms to fulfill their roles was already set.

However, they were still desperately short on men. Hence, Captain Ahrens's hopeful question about the possibility of relief troops.

"Captain Meybert, what's the situation with reinforcements?" "There aren't many friendly units in the area."

"Can't they redeploy any? Not even to come to command's aid?" asked Captain Ahrens.

Captain Meybert shook his head.

"There wasn't much of a reserve to begin with. In fact, it's possible the Salamander Kampfgruppe was the strongest relief force available at the moment."

"Aren't there strategic reserves kept exactly for situations like this? Where are they?"

"They exist only on paper," said Captain Meybert, his voice strained.

Captain Ahrens looked him in the eye and smiled painfully. What else could he do in the face of such an unfortunate situation? The answer was, of course, nothing. So why not smile? This was what it felt like to need what you can't have.

"Well, isn't that a fine how-do-you-do. My tanks are 'on paper' as well, and look at them. They're fighting just fine."

"They don't look like paper to me..."

"In fact, they look as real as can be," said Captain Meybert, pointing toward the armoured vehicles technically still under repair. Captain Ahrens was now making temporary use of them after claiming he was going to withdraw them from enemy bombardment.

"Obviously, you filched them from somewhere," said Captain Meybert, to which Captain Ahrens puffed out his chest in pride.

"I'm just keeping an eye on them. I found them over yonder."

Of course, Captain Meybert could imagine what the report would say now: "Encountered unexpected combat while retreating and was unavoidably forced to participate in battle."

It was a risky bit of handiwork that might lead to trouble later. Captain Ahrens felt annoyed, worried he was about to get chewed out. He didn't see why he should be lectured and made to feel like a little boy at a time like this. He was surprised, though, when he saw the indomitable grin on Captain Meybert's battle-hardened face.

"We'll get you a written order from the Lieutenant Colonel afterward. That should solve everything."

"Can she do that?"

"Of course," said Captain Meybert, chuckling.

"The Colonel has gotten very creative with orders these days. We'll probably be talking about this over a drink with the mages before long," said Captain Ahrens cheerfully to First Lieutenant Tospan.

"Well, it's up to the tanks, infantry, and artillery now," added Captain Meybert, approaching the familiar work as if it were old hat. Their combined-arms unit, made up of tanks, infantry, and artillery, quickly got down to the business of clearing out the airborne Federation unit.

Even without the mages who formed the core of the Salamander Kampfgruppe, Captain Meybert was used to working with this sort of combined-arms unit. However, it was at this point that Captain Meybert recognized a slight deficiency in his own command, namely, that his experience was lopsided.

He grumbled quietly, careful not to be overheard by his men, as he realized how awkward it felt to be on the attacking side for a change. It was difficult to run things smoothly when you weren't used to the process.

If they had been repelling an enemy attack, Captain Meybert would have felt right at home, but when it came to initiating support for command, he wasn't quite sure where to begin.

The Imperial Army was famous for its expert use of interior lines... The Empire preferred to counter. As an old-school officer, Captain Meybert was particularly set in those ways. To elaborate, his experience was almost entirely on the defensive side. As a result, his experience in executing hammer and anvil tactics was comparatively weak.

He had experience attacking as artillery under Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff's command, but his experience in taking command of the Kampfgruppe's combined forces was limited entirely to defensive battles. And while he had brushed up on the infantry handbook, he had mostly read it from a defensive perspective.

"I guess I've gotten used to hiding out in my shell," said Captain Meybert with a soft sigh. Even that thought was half escapism. After all, there was a bigger problem at stake than whether or not he was used to initiating attack, and that was that they simply did not have enough men.

The scale of the enemy force being dropped onto command was still unclear, but it was clearly bigger than their own relief unit. Under current conditions, where command was still putting up resistance, even merely containing the attackers meant they were partially fulfilling their role by alleviating pressure. However...

"The situation is going to keep deteriorating as time passes," said Captain Meybert, shaking his head lightly as he stated the simple truth. Postponing command's fall was all well and good, but if destruction was still inevitable in the end... well, that wasn't good at all!

If they could keep scrambling for time, there was always a possibility that either friendly forces or a senior officer would come to their aid. Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff might even be able to get to them sooner than imagined.

But even by the best estimates, that wasn't soon enough for right now. It came down to the same thing in the end-they didn't have enough men. At this rate, command was in danger. Captain Meybert's back was against the wall; he could barely think. It was risky... but maybe their only chance would be to charge in, even knowing it was a gamble.

From his vantage point as an artillerymen, the situation seemed logically hopeless. However.

"Captain Meybert! Can I leave things to you here for a little while?!"

"What's your idea, Captain?"

"To look for another road!"

A third way. Captain Ahrens grinned majestically. A fitting idea for a modern tanker, who had inherited the cavalry tradition of yore, of flexibly and enthusiastically searching for detours upon the field.

"Another road?"

"There were still tanks and engineers left at the arsenal. I'm sure we can scrounge up something."

Then the tanker grinned, a hint of desperation in his smile.

"Besides, if we're borrowing tanks, we might as well borrow personnel as well. I'm sure we can work something out about the orders later, right?"

"Absolutely. I don't see how anyone could possibly complain."

"In that case, better to strike while the iron is hot, as they say. Shall I?"

"Be my guest," said Captain Meybert, nodding firmly. In fact, why not take things even a step further? "Actually, don't ask them to come with you, order them to," the Captain added nonchalantly.

"But they're command's men."

Captain Meybert was finally beginning to get it. When senior officers behaved recklessly, it often appeared unreasonable to others, but now that he was standing in that position for himself, he could see that what might seem unreasonable from the outside might be the only logical solution.

As a result, while in the past he had vacillated at times over Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff's way of doing things, sometimes wondering if perhaps she hadn't gone too far, in this moment he made a valiant effort to emulate the Lieutenant Colonel's example, understanding now what he needed to do.

"I don't really know what's going on, but, hey, beggars can't be choosers. Might as well use whatever we can."

Captain Ahrens flashed Captain Meybert a virile grin.

"I'll bring everything I can get my hands on. Until then... I'm afraid there aren't many tanks left at this point, but I'll leave behind the ones I snagged earlier."

"Understood. Leave the battle to me."

"Haste without waste. I'll see you when I see you."

"Hey, by all means, take your time! I've got this. In fact, I bet I'll have this all cleared up while you're gone."

Even a man like Captain Meybert, who prided himself on being honest and serious, was able to crack a joke every now and again. A joke meant you still had some life in you.

"Now then," said Captain Meybert as he sent Captain Ahrens off, chewing softly on the butt of a rationed cigarette. He turned his attention back toward the confounded battle at hand.

Maybe Captain Meybert really did have this in the bag, but that wasn't stopping the enemy from going, guns blazing, as before. Unfortunately, their infantry seemed well organized. A moment later, Captain Meybert was hit by the shockwave from a shell that had landed very close by, eliciting a storm of curses.

The shell had hit so close that Captain Meybert inadvertently cried out and covered his head. Once he peeked over, his eyes came to rest on a derelict hunk of metal. It was the remains of what had been one of their tanks up until a moment ago. At least the personnel inside had escaped in time.

For tankers, though, this was an almost unmitigated disaster. As a commander, Captain Meybert could only lament seeing yet another of their armoured vehicles destroyed.

"Suppress that AT gun!"

"It's no good! There are enemy mages! Enemy mages are taking the field!"

"They've got mages, too?! Mages with AT guns?! Airborne, my ass!"

They had expected lightly equipped paratroopers, but the enemy was wielding far more firepower than they had dreamed of. The fact that the Federation had captured an armor-piercing AT gun had already given Meybert a major headache, but now they had to deal with intermittent explosion formulas from mages flying overhead as well.

Besides, why was he sitting here getting outgunned by mages in the first place? As an artillery gunner, this situation was about to drive him mad. If only he had some heavy artillery and shells, none of this would be happening, at least not at this range. But the best he had on hand at the moment were some rifles and whatever field guns they'd managed to drag into position. Worst of all, they didn't have many shells. What they needed now was more ammo-enough to fire as much as they needed.

Why were there never enough shells on hand?

"And now that command has let their stockpile get swiped from under their noses, we can't even go down shooting. This is embarrassing..."

A relief unit getting shot down with ammunition stolen from the very army they had come to save. Of course, Captain Meybert thought, finally understanding how something like this felt. He had fired on enemies with captured ammo many times in the past. It must have been infuriating for the enemy. Now that the shoe was on the other foot, it was easy to see why. He also understood how thrilling it must feel for the other side. They were probably chomping at the bit right now.

"Well, this is not a good turn of events," Captain Meybert muttered, careful that his men would not hear.

He tried to make sense of the situation in his head. Although the enemy should have been the ones in hot water-having dropped into enemy territory-their morale was high, while Meybert's side felt as low as could be.

Under normal circumstances, they could have just waited for support forces to get into place so that the enemy would be at a disadvantage again... but with things as they were, would command even last that long?

Captain Meybert began making calculations in his head. The enemy troops were highly active and motivated, while his own command was weakening by the day. Even by his conservative reckoning, the situation was worse than it appeared.

The artillery officer sighed in disgust, muttering about how he was always forced into battle with too little of everything. Why couldn't the Imperial Army be the ones with supplies for a change? He needed shells.

He needed men.

Why was there never enough of anything?

What had command's maintenance unit been up to all this time? And more importantly, where were all these strategic reserves they supposedly had on hand?

"Those fools at command! Always trying to pump reserve troops into backup squads. And where are they when they're needed most?! If they can take the men out, why the hell can't they put them back in?!"

Captain Meybert was not done cursing this damnable situation as he lived and breathed. When the going gets tough, a filthy mouth is the sign of someone who hasn't given up. In other words, it's a sign of humanity.

It looked like things were about to get bad. Feeling the change in his gut, Captain Meybert lit the rationed cigarette clutched between his teeth. Puffing on the tobacco helped him regain his cool. The enemy's airborne infantry, he knew, were well trained-better trained than the enemy command he had once traded casualties with while defending that harbour.

"What am I doing in a situation like this? I'm supposed to be artillery..."

Captain Meybert wished Captain Ahrens would hurry up and arrive with those tanks. He wished it more than anything at that moment-perhaps even more than he wished for Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff's mages to show up.

"If only they were here now," he muttered softly.

But that sort of talk was forbidden for a commander on the ground. You can't solve anything by wishing for what you can't have. Still... how wonderful a few friendly mages might be right now. Even officers like Meybert found it hard not to wish for expedients.

Captain Meybert groaned, snapping out of his reverie as the sound of a telephone cut through the tension. It was a radio call from the forward positions, where they were under constant attack and on the verge of collapse. He picked up the phone, knowing the news couldn't be good.

"Captain Meybert, we're already at our limit! At this rate...!"

"First Lieutenant Tospan! I can't give you permission to withdraw. I'm sorry, but it's not possible."

"We'll do what we can. But goddammit, if something doesn't change soon..."

Captain Tospan didn't need to finish his sentence. The situation was obvious, and Captain Meybert had already grasped it. There were no illusions left now. It was time to prepare for the worst. Under these circumstances, every last man needed to be put to use. "I'm sending in reinforcements. I'll meet you there!"

"What? What do you..."

"Every last soldier. That's all."

Abruptly, Captain Meybert ended the call and put his helmet back on. The Kampfgruppe was long past the point of sending in the reserves; he would have to squeeze what he could from other places instead. It was a simple calculation.

Every army has what is called a chain of command. The people who usually said, "Do this," or "Go there." But those people were still soldiers, just like everyone else, and they could be counted among the troops.

Of course, common sense dictates that rather than let the head of one's force be crushed, it's better to have commanding officers sit toward the back, protected by guards. But on the battlefield, expecting everything to proceed according to common sense is naive.

Which meant...

"The command section is joining the battle line!" he ordered briefly.

The Salamander Kampfgruppe's temporary command staff did not need further explanation. After all, their usual commander, Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff, often directly participated in battles while commanding from the front.

"Is there anyone in this unit who isn't a glutton for war?"

He was sending Kampfgruppe command, along with its guards, straight to the forward line of contact. Something like that would get you flunked out of military academy on the spot. But with their forces as depleted as they were, that was the best call in this situation.

It wasn't long before Captain Meybert, too, had joined the infantry at First Lieutenant Tospan's side.

On the forward line, they were close enough to reach out and punch the enemy. It was hand-to-hand combat in the strictest sense, using any and all weapons available to beat the enemy in a primitive manner. The situation had progressed to close combat.

It was a fracas. They held out with sheer firepower and grit as the enemy cut into their ranks, even swinging bayonets and knives. The members of the Salamander Kampfgruppe, who had supposedly come to bail out Eastern Army Command, found themselves on the defensive instead. Every last soldier was in the same boat, no exceptions.

Even Captain Meybert, who had been directing the troops, suddenly appeared on the scene with a command map in hand. What was that? Captain Meybert peered closer. An enemy soldier, out ahead of the pack?

Before Meybert knew it, the airborne Federation soldier was right on top of him, brandishing a knife and charging forward to skewer him.

"Damn it!"

Captain Meybert cursed and twisted out of the way, managing to avoid the knife in the nick of time. However, he was only able to avoid the exposed blade itself. He was still rammed by the charging soldier, taking the full brunt of the man's Federation-fed weight. It wasn't nearly as bad as being plugged full of cold steel, but a body blow from an intrepid infantryman was nothing to sneeze at.

Struck by the man's heavy, accelerating mass, Captain Meybert was dramatically knocked off his feet and sent flying through the air in accordance with the laws of physics. But despite being knocked down, he continued to hang on to his trusty friend for dear life.

"Stop! You'll hit Captain Meybert!"

The commotion sounded as if it came from a world far away. With his trusty friend still gripped tightly in his hands, Captain Meybert swung hard in the direction of the young enemy soldier, whose eyes were bloodshot as he thrust his knife again.

"Don't... underestimate me!"

The blade of Meybert's trusty friend had been well polished. It struck the enemy soldier on the back of the head. When the enemy jerked back reflexively, Captain Meybert quickly pulled away, putting distance between them.

There was a brief pause before a nearby fellow soldier pumped the enemy full of lead, putting him down for good.

"Captain, are you okay?!"

"Yes, it's nothing serious. I would have been in trouble without my trusty shovel, though."

Captain Meybert spat blood and dirt onto the ground and rinsed his mouth with a precious swig of water from his canteen, before expressing his anger-and perhaps more loyalty to his own branch.

"I'm an artillery captain, and I'll be damned if I'm killed by anything other than fellow artillery!"

Boldness was something soldiers liked to see in a commander. But in truth, this was all for show. Despite the brave face he put on, deep down, the captain felt like he was about to cry. He feared this situation was beyond saving.

The Federation soldier had been isolated and alone, yet evidently had enough spunk to plunge ahead and go after a commander. If an entire unit of such soldiers were to suddenly rush them...

When it came to gumption, Captain Meybert was sure he was a match for any man, but they were at a clear numerical disadvantage.

Any more, and at this rate...

A chill ran down his back. He covered himself, still needing to put on a show for the men, laughing fearlessly as if nothing troubled him. Maybe it was silly, but as an officer, he couldn't show weakness. He was just doing what needed to be done.

Speaking of which, he also had to keep his eyes peeled, didn't he? Captain Meybert raised his binoculars in one hand and peered about. What was that? The captain suddenly froze.

He did an unintentional double-take before finally smiling. This time, as if he really meant it. There was a hunk of steel in the distance. And riding atop it was an armoured branch officer, waving his cap in high spirits.

As an artillery gunner, Captain Meybert tended to find tankers a little conceited. But conceited or not, at that moment, Captain Ahrens was the nicest sight he'd seen in ages. The arrival of friendly tanks was exactly what was needed to lift their spirits.

"It looks like the cavalry is here," said Captain Meybert, smirking softly and pointing out Captain Ahrens's tank unit to the nearby soldiers. "See? New armoured forces. Double-digits in total, it seems." Captain Meybert hit his fist into his hand to punctuate the moment, chuckling gleefully. "Support the tanks! Let's show those airborne fools that they're no match for a combined arms unit!" he shouted, peppering the men with words of encouragement to drum up their morale and inspire hope and optimism that things were turning around.

Captain Meybert was just about to say one more good thing to light a fire in his troops when he noticed a very welcome surprise among the tanks.

It was an armoured vehicle loaded with a 10. 5-centimeter howitzer and a pile of massive shells. Shape-wise, it mostly resembled a tank, but it was unmistakably an assault gun.

Captain Meybert called Captain Ahrens on the radio.

"Well, well, Captain Ahrens! That's a mighty fine howitzer you've brought back with you! Where did you get your hands on that beauty?!" he exclaimed.

"I borrowed it! I encountered some friendly troops along the way and asked nicely!"

"Of course," said Captain Meybert, chuckling and grinning. "In that case, as an artillerymen, I guess it's my turn to ask nicely. Let me fire that thing!"

"Tsk!"

"It's an assault gun, isn't it? Who else should handle it if not artillery?"

"Okay. But just the assault gun...!"

"See, I knew you'd understand." Captain Meybert laughed, calling to the other artillery soldiers nearby. "Everyone, we're done playing infantry! It's time to become artillery once more-even if it means playing at being tankers as well!"

The soldiers shouted in unison as they piled into the gun- definitely a gun and not a tank-while Captain Ahrens watched from the side, frowning. Together with the tanker, who was driving, they began putting the assault gun to good use.

After all, guns were meant for artillery, not tankers. Such wonderful display of mechanized force. If only there were more selfpropelled guns.

Still marvelling at how magnificent the contraption was, Captain Meybert began to fire. The gun's effect was proportionate and immediate. Unlike a normal assault gun, the howitzer under Captain Meybert's control had no drawbacks against infantry. He went to town with it, firing into the enemy's ranks with abandon. Just moments earlier, he had been like a hero from the Stone Age, fighting with shovel and knife. But now, with shells and munitions on his side, he was rapidly regaining his ardent faith in the doctrine of superior firepower.

Firepower always makes right-at least when you have the advantage over your enemy. It was the enemy's firepower that was dastardly. And righteousness always triumphs.

As Captain Meybert operated the howitzer, he suddenly remembered that every howitzer has a mortal enemy: armor. Or rather, he was forcefully reminded of their existence by the Federation Army mages' counterattack.

Unbelievably, the mages were using the terrain and their defensive shells as cover, shamelessly letting the AT gun cover them as they indiscriminately returned fire with explosion formulas.

"Those enemy mages are going to be trouble. Fuck me, could this day get any worse?"

Captain Meybert clucked his tongue and shot an HE round, fully expecting it to not be very effective for much more than suppression. After all, a mage's defensive shells could endure such a blast. But at close range, it might at least give them some pause.

Or so he had initially calculated. His calculation, however, proved wildly off-base.

Was the captain seeing things, or did that enemy mage completely crumble under a close-range howitzer shot? To say this was unexpected would have been a massive understatement. Captain Meybert did a double take.

"Huh? What...? Did I accidentally hit infantry instead?" he wondered, worried he had just wasted ammo. But he got the same result with the next mage he spotted as well. "Huh?"

"Hey, Captain Meybert? Mages fly, right?"

"That's right, they fly."

"How come these guys aren't flying then?"

"What?! You're kidding! Now it makes sense, these mage units must be cobbled together from whatever they could scrounge up! Damnit, I'm so used to our own mages that I didn't even notice the difference at first!"

Forget about protective films. Federation orbs were supposed to be durable, but these mages couldn't even muster defensive shells that offered much protection.

"All right, stick to HE rounds and keep them suppressed. Then blast them clean off the field."

"Are you sure? They're pretty close to command."

"Better than giving them a chance to suppress us, right? Besides, the enemy is bombarding us with our own captured shells. It's now or never."

"Good point. Take this, you pieces of shit," declared Captain Meybert, channeling every ounce of bitter devotion and hostility into the loaded shell. Then he howled, willing his message to reach its target.

"Let 'er rip! Captain Ahrens, let's move out!"

In the end, the heavily armoured, combined arms counterattack initiated by Captain Meybert completely sideswiped the large, brigade-sized airborne assault of the Federation troops, a flanking blow delivered by armoured forces against light infantry whose ultimate weapon was a captured AT gun.

It didn't take long for the scales to tip heavily in the Empire's favor.

And yet, even that was not enough for the airborne Federation unit to throw in the towel. They continued their attempt to surge forward, capture the command center, and eliminate reinforcements with unparalleled grit, determination, and hope.

All they needed was to push a little farther, to just gain a toehold. In the end, however, the scales of power never tipped back in the attackers' favor. Their hope that inspired them to fight so hard was the promise of a second wave. If only those reinforcements had shown up!

The promised troops-an armoured unit that was supposed to charge to their aid-did not appear, even after the appointed time had come and gone. Then came a terrified report that they were being "hit by a powerful aerial mage division," and contact with the unit was lost altogether. The loss of hope broke these courageous soldiers and their staying power quickly evaporated. As they disengaged in twos and threes, some even choosing to surrender, their faces ceased to reflect the determination of heroes bent on conquering the enemy's headquarters. They had long since become mere humans again, desperate to survive.

Meanwhile, the defending Imperial Eastern Army Command that had been previously forced to imbibe the libations of despair now greedily indulged in the exquisite vintage of hope, from the highestranking officers to the lowest enlisted privates.

They had survived. They had sawed their way through the enemy attack.

Once reality set in, they finally found the strength to spare a thought for matters that had been pushed aside. Even worry felt like a luxury now that they were alive.

But luxury or not, what had that strange order been about? Lieutenant General Hasenclever had asked as confusion set in, only for command to be suddenly hit with an airborne assault.

Once the attack had been successfully repelled, he was helping himself to some combat rations with mud-stained hands and his rifle slung over his shoulder. Whether the bombshell telegram he received during the meal, addressed to Eastern Army Command, should be considered a luxury simply because he had survived was a question best left to rhetoricians.

To be blunt, today was not Lieutenant General Hasenclever's lucky day.

"This came from the General Staff. It says it's from General Zettour. The encryption was legitimate."

Finally, Lieutenant General Hasenclever took the telegram with relief. A moment later, however, he clutched his stomach and shouted, "Impossible!"

"You mean to tell me that previous communication was correct?!" That was an unexpected development, to say the least.

"Wait, those orders were genuine?" The staff officers did not bother hiding their unease as their eyes drifted to the scrap of paper in the lieutenant general's hand. He was gripping it so firmly it looked as if he might tear it to pieces.

An authentic telegram, sent from the Empire by General Zettour. A message that should have resolved this chaos immediately. That was what the staff officers had expected.

However, what they were confronted with was the slowly petrifying face of the lieutenant general. He hadn't looked this grave even upon receiving reports of the Federation Army's airborne strike.

Unable to bear the suspense, one of the staff officers took the telegram from the commander's hand. Only after he also froze like a statue, did the attachés finally lay eyes on it. They froze as well.

It was, indeed, a telegram from the the General Staff. The General Staff was throwing their weight around again, so to speak. It was what the General Staff did best.

General Hans von Zettour's response to eastern army's previous inquiry about Plan No. 4 was exceedingly clear: "Promptly carry out previous orders!"

That was all.

Of course, they understood what had been left unsaid.

Total and immediate execution of Defensive Plan No. 4-a plan they had been holding at arm's length and had only just halfheartedly begun to implement-and the continuation of the aerial mage operations. Was there any room for misinterpretation?! The telegram was firm, explicit, and angry!

no one in the entire army could have failed to pick up on that. Promptly carry out previous orders. In response to such a direct order coming all the way from the top, there was only one thing to do. A reminder like that was nothing to laugh at-a career-ending message for any elite staff officer who questioned it.

"In other words... it was our inquiries that were causing the confusion?"

"Do you think it seemed like we were repeatedly questioning authentic orders?"

"But the General Staff was in disarray as well! That's where the whole mix-up started..."

"Since when are orders delivered in that manner?"

"Everyone, enough!" shouted Lieutenant General Hasenclever, slicing through the turmoil in the room.

His eyes were bloodshot, his voice trembled, but he focused on what needed to be done next.

"We have orders. Orders! We need to make up for lost time!"

"But... they were so strange!"

Lieutenant General Hasenclever was a good company man, and he was about to show, by example, what he was made of.

"We have an order! And it is authentic!"

Lieutenant General Hasenclever had only been left in charge in General Laudon's absence. He was far too passive for the nowdeceased General Laudon to have considered him a replacement, but he was still a classic imperial military man.

In other words, a strictly trained career soldier who would not hesitate to follow orders.

"Implement the order! We must make up for lost time!"

The first echelon was destroying the Imperial Army with the momentum of a turbulent wave. The resistance offered by the troops hunkered down in their strongpoints was even weaker than expected. Federation Army Command celebrated this as a sign that the Imperial Army was in greater decline than imagined. However, several bizarre reports were also cause for concern.

1. The high number of enemy troops active on the roads.

2. An order issued by Imperial Army Command? A so-called Plan No. 4.

3. And to top it all off, the airborne operation against Imperial Eastern Army Command had ended in failure. Even they had waited until after confirming that their specialist team of partisans and other forces, together with proper military and secret police, had forced the Empire to commit their remaining reserves before sending in their airborne unit, which even included mages.

The airborne force should have easily overwhelmed the command's security forces.

The attacking airborne brigade had the advantage, but an unidentified armoured force suddenly appeared and sideswiped the brigade, leading to completely mind-boggling results. Furthermore, this unit was accompanied by an infantry unit of comparable strength to the Federation's airborne infantry. Who could blame the airborne unit for complaining that this wasn't what they had signed up for?

By the time an assault gun appeared to place the final nail in the coffin, the airborne assault unit had no choice but to retreat. According to reports, their accompanying mage company had been wiped out entirely.

Naturally, no one left in Federation Army Command was foolish enough to believe an outcome so convenient for the Empire had developed by chance. They were now faced with several questions: How was the enemy able to muster an unknown force at such a convenient time?

If the enemy had unknown reserves at the ready, why was the general advance proceeding so decisively?

And why were the enemy's advance positions more brittle than expected?

The answer soon became clear. There was only one unfortunate explanation: It was possible that the enemy was executing a full withdrawal to avoid the Federation's initial attack.

That can't be, thought the officers, growing pale as they turned to face one another, only to see the same fear in their comrades' eyes. They glanced furtively at the map, now predicting the worst.

Rising Dawn was a large-scale offensive aiming to achieve a strategic victory, its main goal being the total annihilation of the Imperial field army. Or, to put it another way, their one true objective was the enemy's field army.

And if that objective were to retreat just as the first echelon advanced, and leave Operation Rising Dawn to tilt at empty space...?

The Federation officers had a bad feeling about this. A cold chill swept over them. Had they been caught in a con?

Judging solely from the map, the Federation Army's advantage looked firm. The Imperial Army's defensive line was crumbling. Their reserves were weak and flimsy, whereas the Federation's supply lines were robust.

Furthermore, they had a second echelon waiting in the wings to support the first. All that remained was to steamroll westward once the Imperial Army's main force on the Eastern Front was no more.

Or so it should have been. But something was strange. Disturbing reports were coming from the field. Foreboding signs seemed to confirm the worst for Operation Rising Dawn's command personnel.

"Why haven't the supplies arrived?!"

"They were attacked by the enemy?! But we accounted for potential losses and prepared multiple shipments!!"

"The supply dump was destroyed?!"

"O-our supply train...?!"

Logistics.

Emergency reports were coming in that their supposedly robust, unassailable logistic networks were being thrown into disarray by Imperial mages. The Federation had anticipated that such a scenario might occur, incorporating the relentless demands from higher-ups to stay on guard against Imperial Army decapitation tactics and interdiction of supply lines, allowing for almost too much redundancy and dedicated interceptors.

They had even beefed up their supply units with ample defense, modifying trucks with copious anti-air weapons.

Or at least, that should have been the case. However, something strange was afoot.

"A-a division? A whole division?!"

A staff officer gripped the receiver, gaping in dismay.

"The Imperial Army should be scraping the bottom of the barrel for manpower. How are they able to attack our supply lines with a whole division of aerial mages?! I thought they barely had enough mages for a single division in all of the East put together?!"

"Perhaps they've diverted every last one."

"Redeploy their mages, all of them, in perfect timing with Rising Dawn? On the spot, without hesitation?!"

The staff officers couldn't believe such a thing was possible.

The core aim of Rising Dawn was the complete annihilation of the Imperial field army, which is precisely why they had disguised it as a full-out offensive with grand battleplans, combining an advance across a huge front with a doctrine of superior firepower. Under normal circumstances, the idea of gathering up every last mage in a theater and deploying them to attack supply lines that might not even exist seemed unthinkable.

Could the enemy have foreseen that targeting logistics would starve the first echelon and prevent them from moving...? That seemed preposterous. But then, how?

"Those imperial fiends...!"

"How have they managed to choose the one response to Rising Dawn that is sure to hurt the Federation the most?"

"Damn them! Why are they always so good at war?!"

There was one man in the capital who was smiling. At that moment, he was perhaps the happiest man in the world. From the deepest pit of despair-when the path toward his dream was closing before his very eyes-he had been delivered the most splendiferous news in the most unexpected of ways. The future was certain, and joy was written all over his face.

He was happy.

If only everyone could be as happy as he, the world would surely be a more wonderful place. But unfortunately, General Zettour's happiness was so unique that not even the young First Lieutenant standing by his side could share in it.

Regardless, General Zettour puffed contentedly on his cigar with a smile toying at his lips as he tossed his wound watch onto the desk. The mechanical parts made the hands move, but even a handwound timepiece required the occasional human intervention.

It was the same in war when faced with overwhelming steel.

In that case, thought General Zettour, feeling deeply moved, whether old or young, as humans we must celebrate moments like this in our own way.

"Lieutenant Grantz, my apologies for calling you here. I know your time has been short, but have you been enjoying the capital?"

"Yes, General."

"Now, now, there is no need to be so formal. I simply wanted to share some of the joy you have brought me," said General Zettour, with a tut and a smile. "I hope you have gotten your rest, because I now have a request for you. You've already done so much, but would you mind carrying a message for me?"

"What kind of message?"

"The necessary kind."

"Necessary?"

Without meaning to, First Lieutenant Grantz allowed a hint of confusion and fear to creep into his voice. Poor man. General Zettour felt a faint twinge of sympathy for the young first lieutenant.

This complete upending of history. It seemed the young fellow was not yet used to such an exquisite vintage. Could anything be so intoxicating, so rich, so luscious and full-bodied?

General Zettour whisked his disappointment away with a single grimace. If this exquisite vintage was wasted on the young, he would just have to keep it for his own aging self. Not that he underestimated the value of having a friend who could share in the occasion.

"Give my regards to Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff. She should understand."

"Yes! May I have your message?"

"As you wish," said General Zettour, picking up his pen and writing across the page. He had penned several orders in his time and approved countless documents, but never before had he experienced such a thrill as his pen ran across paper in this moment.

"Ha-ha-ha, ha-ha-ha, ha-ha-ha. How delightful."

He was so giddy that keeping his pen from slipping was a gargantuan task.

"Incredible, incredible. For everything to be overturned at a juncture such as this. All it took, for everything to come true by this hand."

Understanding a problem was half the way to solving it, but when it came to unravelling a solution, violence still had its place. Punch out the Fates as they weave their web. Off with their heads.

"If we are going to take an advance on fate, we might as well borrow all that we can. Why not, when there is nothing else to lose? The Empire is invincible. Or at the very least, I, General Zettour, have nothing to fear. Not even from fate.

"After all, I am an irresponsible borrower."

When he thought of it that way, his worries began to fade. The world had once been so gray, but now it was brilliant, dazzling with color. Everything was vivid and clear.

He could make the choice that needed to be made now, without hesitation. The road to the future was easy to see when it was painted in crimson.

"Who cares about planting next year's harvest? Especially when we'll die if we don't eat today."