## JANUARY 15, UNIFIED YEAR 1928, PROVISIONAL OPERATION CENTER

Placing your hands together in prayer does not make the world's problems disappear.

For Tanya, the act of praying toone of her subordinates is the perfect opportunity to reflect and to take notice of her own lack of composure.

Perhaps that is why our two-company assault run comes to an end without issue. After returning to camp, I have hot water prepared, and distribute some of my precious store of real chocolate, taken from Ildoa, to command personnel. While nibbling on the chocolate with them, I soon get down to work, burying myself in a mountain of complicated but necessary paperwork.

We are at war, and in the middle of combat operations. Burying one's head in paperwork at a time like this might seem like a form of escapism, but this paperwork is, in fact, ridiculously urgent.

After all, an army is still a kind of organization, the kind where the amount of administrative work increases dramatically with each operation or engagement.

Neglecting such administrative work would cause us to deteriorate into an organization destined for failure that cannot grasp the condition of its units, cannot keep supply lines open, and fails to issue effective orders in timely fashion.

For a proper modern army, triumph over paperwork is a necessary prerequisite to winning a war. At the present moment, however, I cannot deny that I am headed toward a decisive defeat on the administrative front.

To be blunt, the paperwork has reached peak saturation.

Even with Major Weiss, who returned to base separately, handling whatever he could; even with First Lieutenant Serebryakov assisting; even with all command staff on deck. I still have not caught up.

The reason for this failure is extremely simple: We do not have enough people. Unfortunately, this is a structural deficiency.

To begin with, most of the officers under Tanya's command are mage battalion officers, because the 203rd Aerial Mage Battalion was formed as a scaled-up battalion.

Naturally, Salamander Kampfgruppe has armoured, artillery, and infantry officers as well... Significantly, however, while there are officers for each unit, not a single additional staff member has been assigned for joint oversight. It is the equivalent of working for an exploitative company that has set up a regional headquarters-one that brings together four separate branches-but then expects branch staff to step up and handle regional supervisory duties without hiring additional personnel, not even part-timers.

This Kampfgruppe, after all, is only a provisional unit, flexibly organized in response to emergency conditions and disbanded once necessary measures are completed. Permanent command capabilities would have contradicted our stated mission and were thus seen as unnecessary.

Besides, the overtime involved in running a Kampfgruppe-scale unit is considered part of the job for a commander of my rank. As Tanya has no plans to drown in this sea of overwork on her own, she has always assigned work to the other branch unit commanders at her discretion. This is how she has managed to endure her working conditions and swiftly process a wide variety of administrative tasks behind the scenes.

Now, however, comes the problem.

Captain Ahrens and his unit are off my roster at the moment due to tank maintenance. Captain Meybert, who is in charge of artillery, and First Lieutenant Tospan, who is in charge of infantry, are holding down base with the rest of the Kampfgruppe in my absence. As for magical officers on hand, First Lieutenant Grantz is away as well, currently delivering a message for me.

And yet we are expected to carry out direct command duties for a mage regiment as well as administer an entire mage division under these conditions. This is mission impossible.

It is not as if I can forcibly assign duties to the few magic officers present; after all, I have mobilized the units off the books according to orders given in General Zettour's name. Only those already aware of and reconciled to the situation can be drafted as command personnel.

At the very least, as a matter of priority and to increase efficiency, I have delegated the majority of administrative work to the division's various commanders. But with so many repeated sorties-where I am not only sending the men out to hammer enemy logistics but also going with them-it is only a matter of time until everything comes crashing down.

It has been twenty-four hours since the Federation began its offensive. Only twenty-four hours. And already I am reaching my limit.

There is only one hope. If First Lieutenant Grantz can explain things to General Zettour, and Zettour legitimizes and normalizes the situation, then all of this chaos will be swept away in a heartbeat.

I diligently sign document after document and prepare order after order, all in a bid to fend off catastrophe for as long as possible, putting off what can be postponed. Yet the work continues to mount.

Meanwhile, to get anything done, I have been forced to leave communications personnel with strict orders to ignore all appeals for mage troop support, without mercy.

In the end, coordination with the eastern army is not going smoothly, either. I need to play dumb, of course, but I also need to urge them to retreat.

Now that General Laudon is a goner, however, the eastern army is in chaos.

"Let's see... Considering flight speed and time, we should be able to expect a report from Lieutenant Grantz any time now."

Let's just hope he gets through quickly. Perhaps I should have gone myself. I am so overwhelmed, I barely know what I am saying, but there's no getting back to running operations until I get through all this damn paperwork.

And we need to get back to it now. This version of AirLand Battle is so dispersed that it makes the Cold War look focused. But to get back to operations, Tanya needs to ask for the impossible from all sides.

As I rub my dry eyes, I realize my fingers are shaking. I must have been clutching my pen too hard. Both my eyes and my hands are on their last legs.

Realizing that pushing myself any further right now will be inefficient, I announce my departure to my second-in-command and adjutant.

"Weiss, I'm sorry, but I am going to take a short nap. Just fifteen minutes. You two should rest in shifts as well. Serebryakov, if you don't mind, please have chocolate and coffee ready for Weiss and me when we awaken."

Leaving the rest to my subordinates, who nod in understanding, I shuffle off to my bedroom like a zombie and collapse onto my poor excuse for a kip. There is neither a mattress nor a bed, not even a sleeping bag right now, just a pile of hay. Fortunately, however, someone has at least dried it out for me.

A dry, warm haven in this universe of sludge. A luxury, at present. Here on the battlefield, this kip smells as civilized as a full suite of amenities.

My consciousness plummets. In the next moment, however, just as my mind should be sinking into the straw, I am forcibly dragged back to reality by external stimuli.

"Huh?"

My foggy brain protests at how heavy I feel, urging me to embrace sleep, but I realize a hand is shaking my shoulder, grappling with my half-asleep consciousness.

"Ah...? Is it time already?"

I turn my eyes toward the clock and realize that almost no time has passed since I decided to take a rest. I then turn my eyes toward whoever has awoken me.

I see my adjutant standing there, an apologetic look on her face. "Colonel Degurechaff... Umm..."

"What is it?"

"The telephone. Can you speak? I can bring the receiver."

"The telephone...? What? Oh, the telephone."

Whatever it is, it must be important for her to bring it to my attention at a time like this-especially since she is bringing it to me directly rather than letting Major Weiss handle it.

I immediately rouse myself, realizing this is not a call I can avoid. "I'll take it. Bring me the phone."

I hurry from my makeshift bed back to the command center, clear my sleepy throat, pick up the receiver, and attempt to greet the person on the line in a presentable tone.

"Yes, hello, this is..."

"Hello, hello, Colonel Degurechaff! How have you been? I think I am beginning to feel my age, sadly. I just can't seem to find inspiration these days."

The voice sounds laid-back, even a bit scatterbrained. But even over radio or telephone, even having just woken up, it is a voice I could never mistake.

"Indeed, indeed, you do remember me! Good, good, that should make things easier."

Honestly, I wonder how I could ever forget him.

"Perhaps you might tell me what you're calling about?" I say perfunctorily, my voice completely devoid of grumpiness. This is less a triumph of self-control-the minimum expected of a civilized person-and more a matter of sheer surprise.

Although, who wouldn't feel a bit discombobulated after being woken up by a voice like the doctor's? This is the very same madman who once shoved a self-destructing orb into Tanya's hands and later yelled at her over the radio for not using it right.

"Yes, yes, that reminds me." While I am still trying to kickstart my brain, the man on the other end plods ahead at his own pace. "You must be very busy over there. We both know the value of good faith, but I imagine if we keep this operational line tied up too long with our chatter, someone is bound to lose patience with our indiscretion."

"Ha-ha, yes, there could always be someone big and scary listening in. Your concern is much appreciated, however."

"Of course, of course, but it is nice to take the time to catch up every now and again, is it not?"

I don't understand. Why am I making small talk with the doctor all of a sudden? And at the cost of nap time-one of the most precious commodities in the middle of a battlefield.

"Yes, I, too, am growing old. At my age, hearing about what old friends are up to brings my old bones some peace of mind. When one finds oneself running all over the place for work all the time, one soon finds oneself with no time for anything more than cordialities."

"Your company is widely sought."

"Perhaps. But one always wants to know that one's acquaintances are doing well. One always wants to do a good turn. Speaking of which, that reminds me of why I called. That young first lieutenant of yours, he is here now on holiday, I believe?"

Hrm? I suddenly sit up straighter.

A young first lieutenant? Why does the doctor, back in the capital, know about Grantz's whereabouts? I only dispatched him the other day. Of course, this is why we are having this ridiculous conversation over a field telephone. Now it all makes sense!

"Unfortunately, the fellow seemed to have lost his wallet, ration tickets and all. He had gotten himself wrapped up in a quarrel of some sort. Well, it's not as if the young man is a complete stranger, is he? I decided to show a little kindness and get the man back on his feet. You don't mind if I bill his taxi to the battalion, do you? After all, under war ration regulations, taxi tickets are for official army use only. I'd hate for anyone to accuse me of embezzlement."

"Yes, that would certainly be unacceptable. I apologize if my young officer has put you out. He must have gotten carried away by his unexpected holiday. Your help is highly appreciated."

"Not at all, not at all. I just happened to be in the right place at the right time."

"Please, send an invoice for the taxi our way, as well as for the cost of the telephone call. I will tell command to process payment quickly in my absence. I know you must be very busy today as well, Doctor. Please forgive the trouble."

"I will consider it a debt in my favor."

"A significant favor indeed. I will be sure to mark it in my ledger. Farewell, Doctor."

Ending the conversation, I replace the receiver with a thud. Major Weiss timidly speaks up, perhaps discomfited by the curtness of my gesture.

"I'm sorry. Was that something that I should have handled?" Major Weiss seems worried that he may have robbed his superior officer of sleep. I wave him off broadly, assuring him there is no need to worry.

"You were right to bring it to me. In fact, that resolves one concern. Half the load has been lifted from our shoulders, more or less."

"It was about Lieutenant Grantz, then...?" I nod.

With long-distance telephone calls, there is always the palpable worry that someone could be listening in, and this was one conversation we did not want even our own forces to hear. The doctor's tact was a surprising stroke of good fortune.

"What did they say?"

It is speculation, of course, but I explain what I assume the doctor meant to communicate by his call.

"Capital air defense, or some other bureaucratic mechanism. I don't know, but it seems someone had gotten hold of Lieutenant Grantz. Fortunately, the doctor managed to work things out somehow."

"The doctor?"

"Someone in the capital who is allowed to do whatever he likes.

He has quite a few connections, though I would never have expected him to be much use to the world at large."

From my point of view, the doctor's assistance has come completely out of left field. But even the strangest of folks have their moment to shine. Begrudgingly, Tanya adjusts her opinion of the man.

Of course, my less-than-stellar opinion of the doctor is not shared by most of the command officers around me. Ever one for manners, Major Weiss remains silent. Surprisingly, however, it is my adjutant who, despite having supposedly long looked up to Tanya, chooses to exhort me an exasperated expression on her face.

"That is the same great man who developed your orb, Colonel, not to mention the Type 97s we carry. A man of character, surely, and a respectable engineer. You shouldn't speak about him like that..."

"In that case, Lieutenant Serebryakov, ask Lieutenant Grantz for his impression of Doctor Schugel when he returns. I'm sure he will be able to enlighten you."

First Lieutenant Serebryakov nods. I relax my shoulders slightly as I turn away. This is good news. I have been pushing things forward under false pretences, using General Zettour's name. If the Empire were to foolishly butt in at the wrong time and declare these orders fake, it could derail this whole train. However...

"At the very least, Grantz should be able to explain things."

So long as First Lieutenant Grantz manages to explain the situation to the higher-ups, no matter what General Zettour decides in the end, we will have at least made the situation known and will have a chance at avoiding catastrophe.

And if things go well, there is no reason not to expect even more. With that thought in mind, I suddenly feel as if I can handle this ridiculous deluge of administrative work for a little while longer. Burdens seem lighter when an end is in sight.

## JANUARY 15, UNIFIED YEAR 1928, IMPERIAL GENERAL STAFF OFFICE

"Stop!" demanded a guard, sharply.

Grantz barely managed to skid to a halt and address the guard. To be honest, he was so nervous at this point that he felt as if his heart might explode. After all, up until a moment ago, he had been careening through imperial skies as if approaching in force.

Earlier, he had fretted over the prospect of having to argue with control and defensive command. Fortunately, in the end, thanks to the intervention of the doctor-who had close connections with the Kampfgruppe-Grantz was able to overcome that hurdle and hurry onward toward the General Staff... though he was none too sure about the doctor's influence beyond those doors.

Supposedly, the doctor had attempted to speak with someone at the General Staff on Grantz's behalf, assuring Grantz that he would explain everything... but how successful the doctor had been still remained to be seen.

"I am Magic Officer First Lieutenant Warren Grantz. I've come from Salamander Kampfgruppe with a message for..."

As Grantz timidly offered his name, the guard's face relaxed.

"Of course. I heard from Doctor Schugel that you were coming."

In that instant, Grantz's respect for the sensible, good-natured scientist grew by leaps and bounds. The doctor had handled things excellently!

Whether it was his work with the orbs or his touch when it came to other people, the doctor was a real man of character, an unsung hero supporting the Empire from behind the scenes. It was reassuring to know that he stood on the shoulders of such giants.

"You have an urgent message from a unit under direct the

General Staff command, correct...? Please, feel free to pass." "Thank you for your hard work."

Returning the man's salute, Grantz continued deeper into the halls of the General Staff office, hurrying slightly as he went. It was not long before he encountered a new obstacle, however.

"Huh?"

Just as Grantz had set his sights on where he presumed General Zettour's offices would be, he was accosted by a major with a rifle slung over his shoulder and a first sergeant, likely a veteran NCO.

The area was off-limits. Grantz tried mentioning Doctor Schugel's name, but the men firmly repeated the same phrase. "You do not have permission. Step away." They sounded as if they were ready to take him into custody at any moment.

Apparently, the doctor's auspices had not been as effective here as they had been with the guard at the entrance.

No. Grantz shook his head. Now that he thought about it, this was his own mistake. Due to the top-secret nature of his mission, he had only told the doctor that he had a message to deliver. It had likely never even occurred to the doctor to speak to General Zettour's security detail as well. The doctor had gone above and beyond, insofar as he understood the situation.

Grantz was the one who had failed to make sufficient use of the doctor's generous assistance. Should he have broken confidentiality and told the doctor more? What was the right thing to do in that situation?

Wracked with doubt and remorse, Grantz tried to think. He couldn't afford another mistake. There was no time for that. This was a race against the clock. He needed to find some way to get in touch with General Zettour.

These guards were strict, however. He didn't want to waste his time arguing with them. Should he just force his way through? Break in to the General Staff Office? What in the world was he meant to do?

Grantz was nearly on the verge of tears when he caught sight of a group of staff officers walking down the hall. He realized that he still had a thin, but durable, sliver of hope.

"Hold on, we weren't told anything about this. We can't just let you through..."

"Then get confirmation! It's Grantz! Tell them First Lieutenant Grantz is here!" he shouted.

Somehow, please! Grantz begged. If only someone who knew him would pass by now. Just as he was beginning to lose hope, however, and seriously consider the option of using his orb to break through...

"Grantz? Wait, First Lieutenant Grantz? Of the 203rd?"

The words, spoken from behind the major and first sergeant, sounded as sweet as honey to Grantz's ears.

Grantz's face lit up. I'm here! he wanted to shout. In contrast, the guard major glanced over his shoulder with a look of consternation as he spoke to the person standing behind him.

"Colonel Uger? I'm sorry, do you know of a person named First Lieutenant Grantz?"

"With the 203rd, correct? I am only loosely acquainted with him, but I would recognize his face...," said the voice, mercifully.

"P-please! I beg your pardon, but this is an emergency!"

Clutching the note at his breast, Grantz took a step toward Uger, ready to entrust his last glimmer of hope to the man.

"Hrm? Why, it is Lieutenant Grantz. What are you doing here, so suddenly?"

"Here," said Grantz, desperately thrusting the note entrusted to him by Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff into Colonel Uger's hand. "I have been sent by Lieutenant Colonel Tanya von Degurechaff with an urgent report on the current situation in the East. I have been tasked to seek a meeting with General Zettour or, if that is not possible, with Colonel Lergen, or yourself!"

In his evaluations, the Imperial Army's personnel bureau had always described General Hans von Zettour as the "academic" type. Of course, this was the bureau's polite way of sugarcoating its assessment.

Incidentally, the opposite of "academic" was "highly courageous."

By imperial personnel standards, this was quite a scathing assessment. After all, even the opposite end of the spectrum implied that there was little else worth mentioning of merit. Highly courageous? Weren't all officers meant to be courageous? Even an average personnel evaluation, in reality, carried a strong hint of censure, containing the nuance that the person has no other exceptional qualities and therefore should be watched closely.

Meanwhile, the highest accolades were virtually acrimonious. Highly courageous? Then where are his medals? If he is so courageous, then why is he still alive?

Regardless, to the General Staff officers on the receiving end, these personnel evaluations-merciless, unsympathetic assessments of a person's whole character that followed the strict standards of the front line-were nauseatingly severe.

In the end, the General Staff's assessment standards were based on the premise that human beings have limits and were designed to coolly assess how a person comported themselves when up against those limits. They were unflinching evaluations of the degree to which an individual could face reality under high-stress conditions, where mental faculties are often bent to the breaking point.

It was the army's tradition since its founding; those who created the Imperial Army must have known that the human grip on reality was fragile.

That was why both the military academy and war college were so ridiculously strict, pushing officers to their very limits. It was meant to quickly thin out the weak before their true colors betrayed them in combat, when it was too late.

But human intellect had its limits. Even the Imperial Army's forefathers, despite their foresight, would have never dreamed that their progeny in later years would deteriorate into such myopic fools.

These forefathers may not have been perfect, but they were at least fanatical realists. They must have been proud then, lying in their graves, to know that at least one person with the right training had been left in the right place, to know there was a worthy successor working in the General Staff, a senior officer capable of functioning well under extreme stress.

It occurred to Colonel Uger that he would likely never forget this moment.

It had all been a coincidence.

General Zettour had just directed the colonel, his adjutant, to "send a telegram to ascertain the degree of confusion in the chain of command in the East." The colonel had just finished arranging for the telegram to be sent and was on his way back when it all happened.

The security staff seemed to be arguing with someone. Finding this strange, he glanced in the guards' direction... only to find a magic officer whose face he recognized, pleading somewhat pathetically for Uger to intercede with General Zettour on his behalf.

The officer who rushed forward, claiming to be First Lieutenant Grantz, held out an envelope containing a small scrap of paper. Despite its size, the note's contents were momentous.

It read, I have taken arbitrary action. However, the main force needed to be saved. Please confirm the details with my messenger. I do this regardless of the punishment.

After all, this was arbitrary action-reported after the fact-taken by Degurechaff.

Naturally, after learning that a staff officer had taken arbitrary action, the ordinary thing to do would be to escalate the matter up the chain. And, naturally, Colonel Uger was an ordinary man.

Colonel Uger had an instinctive feeling that, between two equals at the pinnacle of their professions as staff officers, the meaning of this would be perfectly clear... A fine enough display of instinct on his part.

However, as General Zettour snatched the note from Uger's hand and glanced at its contents, the emotion that appeared on his face in that moment was indescribable. Uger knew instinctively that it was an emotion beyond description, and he chose to forget it, letting it vanish.

Unfortunately, some things are impossible to forget. "Colonel Uger."

His voice shook. Or was it flat and hollow? He sounded scared. Or did he sound overjoyed?

"Bring Lieutenant Grantz here immediately."

Uger remembered what General Zettour's voice sounded like when he gave that order. He distinctly remembered every word. And yet, Uger was unsure.

His brain failed to understand the general's tone.

Uger hesitated, unable to find the right words to describe it. It was only later, after the fact, that he would realize he must remain silent on the matter for the rest of his life.

But he had witnessed it all-the embodiment of Imperial Army ideals in the flesh; the deputy director of operations, an unwavering force capable of discerning the one clear course of action amidst a sea of complexity.

"Colonel Uger...! I have an urgent addition! Cancel the orders I asked to be sent! Cancel them in their entirety!"

"General?"

"Quickly, stop that order from being sent! They should still be encrypting the message, correct? There is still time. Go now. Make sure nothing is sent; do it yourself. And bring First Lieutenant Grantz here. Confirm the orders are stopped yourself, and as soon as all associated documents are destroyed, report back to me."

General Zettour had only ordered him to send the telegram a moment ago. However, from what he understood, an order had appeared in General Zettour's name that he had certainly not sent. The telegram was an inquiry meant to clarify the situation.

"B-but, you just said..."

"Colonel Uger. Carry out my order. You understand what I've asked, correct?" said the general, his tone brooking no discussion.

Uger pushed his growing doubts aside to focus on his duty as an adjutant general, one capable of fully understanding and executing his superior's intentions.

"Y-yes, sir, immediately!"

Excusing himself, Colonel Uger quickly hurried away. It would be faster to go directly, seeing as the room was nearby, than to try to manage things over the phone.

Along the way, he quickly shouted to the waiting First Lieutenant Grantz and the guards, "Yes, General Zettour wishes to see him after all," before rushing off to the communications room.

Colonel Uger's feelings were complicated; although he had set his doubts aside for now, they lingered. A message for the General Staff from a young officer with the Salamander Kampfgruppe? A young officer under his old friend Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff's command? This was unprecedented.

And now, for everything to be turned upside down like this, all because of a single scrap of paper.

What was happening in the East...? What if...?

But no, the Degurechaff that Uger knew would never do anything of the sort... would she?

Question after question bubbled up in Uger's mind, burying the good colonel in a sea of doubt. These doubts threatened to make him hesitate, to flounder, to sink-but no, Colonel Uger was too dedicated and competent, too faithful and polished as an organizational man, to allow such a thing to happen.

In a sense, Uger was the ideal adjutant. He prioritized General Zettour's wishes to the letter.

"This is Adjutant General Uger! Hold all communications! I want you to hold all communications!"

Uger burst into the bustling communications room and shouted for the officers to hold the telegram, which was still in the process of

Between his staff officer aiguillettes, his position as adjutant general to a deputy chief, and, most of all, his long history of service with the General Staff, an outburst from Colonel Uger carried significant weight.

"Halt all telegrams being sent in General Zettour's name! Give me all encrypted items and communication records and anything that hasn't been sent."

Uger indicated that he was going to destroy the items. The young major on duty looked shocked, mentioning protocol.

"Permission must be received from the officer in charge, Brigadier General Collier, before disposing of records...," he objected.

Of course the major was right. However, considering that General Zettour's order was to "confirm the orders are stopped yourself, and as soon as all associated documents are destroyed, report back to me," Uger had no choice. The obvious implication was that Colonel Uger was to involve as few others in this as possible.

Thus, his course of action was clear. Even if the responsible person was a brigadier general, it was better for that person not to know.

"This is the general's prerogative. I'm sorry, but mention of this to anyone outside this room is strictly prohibited."

Uger was asking for the impossible. He knew that. But in his current position, he had no choice but to insist.

"Major, excuse me, this is not a discussion. It is a directive." Necessity has a way of making the outrageous commonplace. "I am borrowing your phone, Major."

After a brief word with the exchange operator, Colonel Uger thrust the receiver back toward the officer on duty.

"Here, you may speak to the general directly about the matter." "Me?"

Colonel Uger visibly grimaced in response to the major's stare of disbelief. He understood how the major felt. Unfortunately, however, Colonel Uger was not the type to make jokes.

He pointed toward the phone, urging the major not to keep someone so important waiting. By all means, talk to the general if that is what'll convince you.

Looking pale, the officer on duty timidly reached for the receiver, almost as if he were picking up a live hand grenade-shock and awe awaited him on the other end of the line.

"This is General Hans von Zettour. You wished for confirmation?"

The heavyweights at the General Staff were terrifying. Among the many first lieutenants of the Imperial Army, First Lieutenant Grantz was, unfortunately, the most intimately acquainted with this fact.

After being told to enter quickly, General Zettour bid him speak. Grantz complied, telling the general everything. The superior officer nodded, his expression suggesting full understanding. Several minutes later, he picked up the telephone, which had suddenly begun to ring.

What happened next? First Lieutenant Grantz witnessed one of the most fantastic displays of coercion he had ever seen.

Will that do? Do you understand? It sounded as though whoever was on the other end was being thoroughly browbeaten. General Zettour's demeanour was intense.

As someone fully familiar with the general's steely temperament, Grantz could feel the fear wafting from the other end of the line as if it were his own. He sympathized deeply with whoever was on the receiving end of this conversation. He could only imagine who it might be or what they might be doing at that moment, but he was certain the pair would get along like a house on fire if they ever met.

At the very least, they would have plenty to gripe about down at the beer hall together. They would probably be fast friends before long. Anything would be better. He just wanted to get the hell out of there already.

General Zettour's eyes suddenly flicked in Grantz's direction, fixing the lieutenant with an arctic stare.

"Thank you for your hard work, Lieutenant Grantz... There are a few things we must get straight to ensure that everything remains neat and tidy," said General Zettour, his voice like the lull between two fierce waves.

The aging general spoke calmly and naturally. His eyes, however, were not smiling.

Grantz's sense of danger, honed on the battlefield, told him that this was the sort of monster best left to an officer like Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff. As an ordinary man, Grantz could only tremble as he waited for the tempest to pass.

"I ordered everything. When you came charging in with an emergency report, it was regarding the orders I had issued, correct?"

"Y-yes, sir!"

Likely the only reason Grantz was able to answer immediately, albeit in a trembling voice, was that he had already built up immunity to General Zettour. Grantz suddenly recalled-or perhaps was so nervous he was having flashbacks-the time when General Zettour had thrown his weight around with Salamander, asking to "borrow" First Lieutenant Grantz.

Grantz's commanding officer, Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff, must have had nerves of steel. Although there was only so much she could do, she had protested as much as possible to shield Grantz from General Zettour. Grantz hadn't realized it at the time, but his superior had known General Zettour for some time by that point and was well aware of how terrifying the General could be. And yet, despite this, she had resisted the General for Grantz's sake-a fact that left him deeply moved. It took a different kind of mettle to rise to the top.

But that superior officer was relying on him now, having entrusted the fate of the entire Eastern Front to his hands.

Though just one man, Grantz was determined to rise to the challenge and fulfill his duty. He mustered his courage, despite practically shaking in the face of General Zettour's questioning. "You mentioned trouble with Air Defense Control, correct? Why?" "It was a problem with identification."

"Ever since the incident with Rudersdorf, air defense has become pushy about identification. There aren't many veterans over there anymore, so they're not accustomed to the usual procedures. Their behavior can be very rigid."

"A shame," says the general, smiling in a generous, understanding manner-even though his eyes remained stark. "I will have a word with them. Let them know they interfered with the General Staff dispatch. I'll be sure to give them a good dressing down. By the way, it is probably unnecessary for me to ask...," he said, almost as if in afterthought.

In contrast to his casual tone, his eyes are as cold as glass. He turned his observant gaze upon Grantz's, and Grantz gulped as he waited for the general's next words, realizing that this was the real crux of their conversation.

"You haven't spoken of this to anyone else, have you? How did you get through in the end?"

"I had help from Doctor Schugel along the way."

"Doctor Schugel? Why Doctor Schugel?"

Grantz's superior officer's superior officer reacted as if that were the last name he had expected to hear. Grantz continued quickly, before the general could suggest disposing of the doctor.

"While en route, I was nearly intercepted by capital forces as a deserter or bogey. The doctor simply vouched for my identity and for the fact that I was a messenger."

"And your mission? You did not share the details, did you?"

Confidentiality. Absolute confidentiality. Fortunately, Grantz had not said anything that might get the good, respectable doctor mixed up in all this.

A moment ago, Grantz had been convinced that he had made the wrong choice, wondering if he should have revealed the truth to the doctor and asked for assistance. But now he understood that by saying nothing, he had made the right choice. It was all a matter of hindsight. Had he chosen poorly, things could have become very difficult.

"No, I did not."

"Good. Does anyone else know about this note?"

"The note? Only Colonel Uger."

"Enough to get the message, perhaps."

Fortunately for First Lieutenant Grantz, there was no need for him to know what the general meant by that. After all, upon seeing the note, Colonel Uger had decided to escalate the matter immediately. Thus, Grantz could proudly assert that he had made it this far solely by showing the note, and that no one else besides Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff was aware of the matter at hand.

Confidentiality was paramount. Considering the weight of the matter, it took precedence above all else. For necessity's sake, certain unpleasant measures might have been needed-and while General Zettour was secretly pleased that such steps were not, in fact, required, he grimaced at himself for so readily considering the option.

If he could stoop so low as to kill a friend, what else would he do? When had he lost all restraint?

Secretly, General Zettour was somewhat amused by how his thoughts had become simplified in the service of his goals. Or perhaps it was just that his lack of compunction over questions of good and evil had finally allowed him enough breathing room to feel humour. In any case, the important thing was that General Zettour was, fortunately, in a state of mind to receive his adjutant general's report with calmness-a stroke of luck for all concerned.

"Adjutant General Colonel Uger returning. I am entering the room."

"Thank you for your hard work, Captain. Were you able to halt the telegram?"

"Yes, I made it in time."

General Zettour glanced briefly at the items held out by Colonel

Uger before tearing them up with his own hands and stuffing them into his ashtray. His face, as he casually withdrew a match and set the documents aflame, looked the very picture of a good-natured old man finding satisfaction in the smallest of things. Without further ado, he drew a rolled cigarette from his inside breast pocket, placed it between his lips with a grin, and began puffing away in an extremely mischievous fashion. He immediately began speaking once more.

"Good. This is very good. You did well, Colonel Uger," said General Zettour, spinning about and speaking with his back to his underling. "I'm sorry, but may I ask you for one more thing?"

"O-of course. Name it."

General Zettour's tone was gentle while Colonel Uger's face remained strict, as befit a career military man. Incidentally, First Lieutenant Grantz was only watching from the side. From his perspective, the general now was a perfect living example of how truly terrifying good manners can be.

"I'm sorry to run you back and forth like this, but I would like you to arrange for a new urgent telegram to be sent to Eastern Army Command. It should read, 'Promptly carry out previous orders from Eastern Chief Inspector.' That is all."

"General? Are you sure?"

"What are you confused about, Captain? The existing order came from me, after all. Do you understand what I am saying?" said General Zettour pedantically, as if his words should have been obvious. "The esteemed General Laudon had been handling things in the East, but sadly fortune was not with us, and General Laudon has gone missing. It was an emergency. Reports from the front indicated a great deal of chaos, so naturally I chose to step in. Just to be safe."

Good lord. First Lieutenant Grantz nearly groaned out loud but managed to contain himself. General Zettour was making himself loud and clear: There was to be no-absolutely no-further questioning on this matter.

Grantz understood what he had dragged in. He respected Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff and believed her when she declared that General Zettour would likely ratify the order.

These heavyweights were terrifying. Absolutely terrifying.

In what might be thought of as a valiant effort to preserve his sanity, First Lieutenant Grantz began to entertain thoughts of escapism. Meanwhile, General Zettour, standing off to the side, continued to speak calmly.

"Oh, that's right. I hadn't properly informed you of the matter, had I, Captain Uger? A point I greatly regret."

"... Of course. Please forgive me. With all the chaos, we must have gotten our wires slightly crossed."

"So you understand me then."

"Yes, General. I understand completely." Colonel Uger nodded, his face stiffening in understanding and respect.

General Zettour's voice remained gentle as he responded, "Good." Spinning back around once more, General Zettour flashed a smile in Colonel Uger's direction and began explaining how what Tanya had done had been carried out at his direction.

"Don't you agree?" the general asked bluntly, still clutching the cigarette between his lips. Of course, none could dissent. The orders falsely transmitted under General Zettour's name had just been transformed into truth through this dreadnought act of absurdity.

But if the very person under whose name those orders had been issued now claimed to have been the one to issue them, what more could be said? These were official orders. That was the new reality, and it was time for everyone else to get with the picture. Colonel Uger nodded solemnly as Grantz watched on, signaling the beginning of that change.

"I will make the arrangements myself to ensure that everything is transmitted appropriately this time, without omission."

"Excellent, very good," said General Zettour, thanking Colonel Uger casually, as if the thought had just occurred to him. "My apologies, General, as always... for putting you to such pains."

"No, it is my honor. If you will excuse me."

Colonel Uger left with a salute. After watching him go, General Zettour turned his eyes back toward Grantz, almost as if he had just remembered Grantz's presence. For his part, Grantz would have much rather been left forgotten. He was still frightened. Genuinely, incredibly frightened.

Yes, this was fear.

The longer Grantz stared into the eyes of the general-who still gave off the impression of a good-natured old man-the more the fear welled up inside him. To First Lieutenant Grantz, General Zettour was an object of extreme reverence, yet shrewd to the point of trepidation. In comparison, a fiendish senior officer like Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff, prone to fits of stormy passion, seemed like an angel.

"Lieutenant Grantz. Please, have a seat," said the general, his manner warm, friendly, kind. But to First Lieutenant Grantz, it felt like being asked to take a seat in an electric chair.

"Let's enjoy a little chat."

As Grantz reluctantly sat down, General Zettour took a seat across from him. Grantz felt as if he wanted to jump out of his skin.

"I would like you to take a look at the map. Yes, here."

Grantz was used to seeing maps of the Eastern Front for strategic purposes. While the paper used by the General Staff was of higher quality than that of his unit, the map itself was largely the same.

"As you can see, the information included here is no more than what we believe to be correct, based on what we in the Empire have grasped from the rear. Bluntly speaking, it is visualized confusion. There are differences, I imagine, compared to what you have seen?"

"Y-yes, sir. Based on what I know of the situation, there are discrepancies in several places."

"Of course," murmured General Zettour, stroking his jaw with a gentle expression. "It is difficult to grasp conditions from the rear, far from the front lines as we are. Unfortunate, isn't it?" the general added, but Grantz could only reply with a stiff, awkward smile. "The only thing we can do from here is establish broad policies. If we do not lend an ear to voices from the front... I worry that could lead to crucial mistakes."

Even the highest levels of decision-making must listen to feedback from those on the ground. It was an evidently sound argument.

"Lieutenant Grantz, I would like to ask you something."

Ask away-just make it about anyone else but me! thought Grantz.

"Of course, what is it?"

"Do you have any experience with combat drops...?"

"Y-yes, we've carried out a few since Norden."

"Good," the General nodded in satisfaction. He thought for a moment before eventually rubbing his chin in curiosity and turning his eyes toward Grantz. "It may be a silly question to ask of someone with so much experience in decapitation strikes, but may I ask one more thing?"

Grantz nodded. "Of course."

"Just to confirm," continued General Zettour, his attitude still as laid-back as if he were asking about breakfast, "the mage battalions currently on regular deployment in the East... possess adequate skill to rout a regiment of Federation infantry. Correct?"

"Yes, sir. Even a mage battalion at about sixty percent strength, I think, would be enough to respond to turn back a Federation infantry regiment."

"I see," said the superior officer, folding his arms and looking up toward the ceiling as if choosing his words. After a pause, the general seemed to make up his mind and began speaking again. "In terms of using an aerial mage division to destroy enemy logistics... it was Colonel Degurechaff's assessment that a mage division would

be enough to cause havoc in the enemy's rear lines, yes?"

"Yes, the Colonel, my commander, gave my orders under that assumption."

General Zettour grunted softly before falling into silence. He almost seemed to be sleeping, completely still, like a statue frozen in place. It was perhaps several minutes-or maybe only seconds- before the general lifted his head in apparent realization and opened his eyes.

"Give me a moment, Lieutenant... Please, make yourself at ease." General Zettour stood up and folded his arms behind his back. He began pacing about the room as if deep in thought.

"I need to think for a moment, understand?"

"Huh?"

"I see I need to make myself clearer," the general continued, displeased. "Be quiet. That is an order."

Perfectly clear, indeed. First Lieutenant Grantz clamped his lips shut. An idle tongue is the devil's plaything, after all.

I'm just furniture, I'm just furniture, he repeated internally, staying as silent as he could. He was trapped in this room with the irritable general-a man whose concerns were far from ordinary. Grantz focused on letting the general's strange mutterings pass through one ear and out the other.

"It's not enough, it's not enough, it's just not enough..."

Suppose Grantz were to listen, to accidentally catch a word or two of what the general said? Not enough? What wasn't enough- the men? The time? The opportunity? Grantz had no idea. So why did he have such a bad feeling about this?

"The cat may already be out of the bag when it comes to our decapitation tactics. But it is likely only our decapitation strikes they are aware of, and not the true value of our fundamental ability to project combat power. In which case..."

In which case...?

No, enough! Grantz did not want to hear more!

Just then, the tone in General Zettour's voice changed ever so slightly-from disjointed and grumbling to vaguely excited and alive. "Yes, yes..."

General Zettour nodded slightly, even tracing his lips with his fingers.

"Yes, of course, yes. This will do."

He clapped his hands together suddenly in what could only be interpreted as delight.

"Lieutenant Grantz, you have permission to speak again. But why do you look so grim? A smile is a thing to be cherished! Relax, there is no need to be so tense. Now, I have some questions for you."

A two-pronged campaign. On the one hand, paperwork. On the other, destroying logistics in the Federation Army's sphere of influence. It is a nightmare.

With these two fronts under my command-neither of which can be allowed to fail-I hunker down and clench my teeth as a good, free, and fair individual, cursing anything and everything under the sun.

But Tanya knows that this is the manifestation of good civil duty, something which no true liberal could help but praise. Her efficiency is truly marvellous.

In order to temporarily cut out the noise from Eastern Army Command, I have taken the drastic step, in General Zettour's name, of ordering the eastern army to be silent. Of course, if what Tanya has done were exposed, noisy reprimands would be the least of my problems. Armed gendarmerie or mage troops would be pounding on command's door with the butt of their guns before long-and not to exchange words.

In terms of organizational theory, Tanya's actions are highly barbaric.

But if I am to survive the here and now, I do not have time to fret over such trivial concerns. After a very brief nap, my adjutant and I swallow some of the disgusting, muddy water that is meant to pass as coffee, the one redeeming quality being that it is hot. I bite loudly into a bar of chocolate, part of our aerial mage performance rations, as if biting off the head of someone who had just killed my parents.

A brief rest.

Lingering exhaustion.

I continue to lead my regiment in this state, thoroughly and mercilessly striking at enemy logistics in order to keep any supplies from reaching the Federation's front line, which is still running roughshod over the Empire's defense.

Interfering with supplies is, as one might expect, quite effective. Even in trench warfare, where the focus is on flesh-and-blood infantry, a fighting force will wither away without food to eat. Likewise, ammunition will deplete.

But interfering with supplies does not produce an immediate effect.

Under normal circumstances, a human being won't die after a single day without food. They will feel hungry, of course, and one could argue that hungry troops do not live up to their full potential... But an army, ultimately, is a slave to necessity, to the point that a military is more than willing to fill its hungry troops' stomachs with amphetamines to keep them marching through the snow.

And how humane, peace-loving, and altruistic was the Federation Army's organizational culture to begin with? If anyone were to ask me, I would likely laugh in that person's face. Whether the Empire or the Federation, based on what I have seen, all armies have a nasty habit of worshipping at the altar of necessity.

Naturally, a day or two of interfering with supplies is not going to stop the enemy in its tracks. As a result, although we are on the verge of collapsing from exhaustion due to constant and fierce battle, the cries (screams, really) for assistance from the front lines never cease. Not even when we collapse into our beds and plummet into unconsciousness. If anything, these cries have only grown more numerous.

"How can we abandon our fellow soldiers?!" Myopic shouts of protest rise from the lips of my heroic mages, directly echoing the front line's cries for help.

"The front line is requesting support! We need to go to their aid! If we don't have anyone to spare, why not just my unit?" And so on and so forth. I am already close to losing it when yet another company commander, from one of the detached forces, comes to me with another impassioned plea.

Here we are, on the brink of collapse, and this pea brain can't even see the forest for the trees! Why is he wasting my time? I consider shooting him dead and appointing a different commander in his place.

In a fit of not rage, but reason, I weigh the potential time and emotional backlash, genuinely wondering whether making an example of this man and then suppressing the subsequent backlash would not, in fact, be the most efficient option.

We don't have enough time. We don't have enough manpower. I freeze. Fortunately, before I can make any irreversible decisions, the reliable iron fist of Major Weiss enters to solve the issue for me. It is extremely rare for one officer to strike another.

"You call yourself an officer?! Get your head on straight!" shouts Major Weiss, openly incensed as he punches this half-brained shithead right in the jaw.

While the others stare, frozen in astonishment, Weiss shoulders the unconscious company commander and tosses him outside.

"Lieutenant Commander, it seems the officer fainted from lack of sleep! I think he should be allowed to rest for a little while. You don't mind, do you?"

"Hrm? Maybe he should rest six feet under instead."

I laugh as Major Weiss's face stiffens and assure him I'm just kidding. Tanya is not tactless enough to intentionally waste such a kind act from one of her subordinates.

"Smack him awake immediately; there is work to do. If he is in a condition to continue his command once he comes to, have him return to his duties. If not, pass command to the next in line and allow him to get as much rest as he needs. Make sure he knows his rest can be permanent, if need be."

"Yes." Major Weiss nods briefly, scurrying from the room. I turn back to my documents and maps, truly grateful for the major.

The eastern army's defensive line is already beginning to crumble. The Federation Army's bombardment against our scrambling defensive plans and the enemy's overwhelming shock power have reduced the embankments to rubble, with their first echelon already surging like black water into the Empire's sphere of influence.

Importantly, however, the flood is contained to the retention ponds for now.

The Empire's defensive line does not have much depth. Its retention capabilities are limited. It is only a matter of time until the line is swept away in the flood. Common sense suggests that if the defensive line is not reformed in time, we will be on the verge of a great collapse.

But if no more water is allowed to flow in for now, this flood might still be controlled.

If we can prevent the enemy's second echelon from advancing, if we can sabotage supplies intended for the first echelon, then, at least for now, the defensive line will be able to regroup after pulling back.

"For now, for now, for now...," I repeat three times-three wishes -before suppressing a sigh.

Aware that my mind is growing clouded, I take a bite of chocolate for a change of pace, which brings me back to myself slightly. Now all I need is this bit of my adjutant's coffee to feel fully human again.

This whole ordeal would be much more civilized if I could just spend a little more time relaxing over chocolate and coffee... but unfortunately, these are precious commodities. If our rate of consumption increases any further, our stock will dwindle to nothing. Where will that leave us then?

Well, if I make a request to Colonel Uger, he could probably arrange for more, although supplies would be unlikely to arrive before the eastern army's sickly condition can be confirmed.

Time, time, time. Why are there only twenty-four hours in the day?

I stare at the roads on the map laid out before me, while continuing to lament the many absurdities and contradictions of this world, before exhaling with finality. Like the earthly attachments that tie us to this world, neither the imperial nor the Federation army can free themselves from highways and railroads. This means that both armies are fully aware of which roads serve as supply chokepoints.

Therefore, it is safe to assume that the Federation Army expects the possibility of a large aerial mage force targeting those locations. Although the Federation itself may have hidden its eyes behind the blindfold of ideology, the Federation Army wears the spectacles of pragmatism and, most assuredly, it is clear-sighted.

That is too bad. If only the Federation Communist Party would apply a little more effort to getting in the Federation Army's way. That is the problem with commies. Not that I expect much from the Reds, but they are never useful when you need them.

"I'd prefer a surprise attack. But I guess an assault is unavoidable," I mutter, resigning myself. Our approach is decided.

Although brief, the mages being sent out have been allotted rest and a hot meal. The medic has even managed to scrounge together some fuel for a makeshift sauna to be enjoyed by a portion of the troops.

Naturally, the commanders go last.

A senseless pretence, perhaps, but war is already the height of poor sense. Before setting out again, I look each of the company commanders and leaders in the eye, making sure they are clear on what needs to be done. This is no time to screw up.

Having inspected the unit closely, like a cat licking its cub, I get right to the point.

"Everyone, it's time to work. You know the drill. Follow me." There are no fierce exhortations. Sometimes, clearly demonstrating what needs to be done can be far more eloquent than an entire litany of encouragement.

Therefore, I banish my exhaustion and take the lead.

Which, of course, is why my troops lift off after me.

It is why they follow.

Why they do not shoot Tanya in the back.

After all, the role being imposed on the mages now is a truly awful one.

"The mages! Where the hell are they?" "We need support! We're surrounded! The entire battalion is surrounded!" "We have visual confirmation of friendly planes down! Please, where is the mage support?! Even just a platoon?!" "A battalion of enemy armor is rapidly approaching our withdrawing artillery! Please, there must be someone nearby! Send anyone! Stop them!" "Emergency! Emergency! We need support! Two companies of heavy armor are approaching our position! If we don't receive help...!"

The reception today is outstanding. We are picking up the laments of our fellow soldiers, loud and clear. Previously, we had been frustrated, unable to hear anything due to the Federation Army's electronic warfare. Now the exact opposite is true.

Devastation. No other word could so perfectly sum up what is happening down on the ground. Listening to the cries of "help me, help me" are eating up the men inside as they maintain radio silence in the name of necessity.

"Unfortunately, in order to maintain our AirLand Battle strategy, this is necessary."

Orders are orders. And this was absolutely necessary. Ordering them to ignore all pleas for help was the only card I had to play.

Down on the ground, the Imperial Army's defensive line is being shredded like paper. The units that chose to hole up in their positions have become surrounded, strongpoints and all. All we can do in response is focus on attacking the enemy's logistics.

The mud-slinging is brutal. While we blast apart the enemy's combat trains and advancing follow-on units, the enemy likewise bombards every inch of our front line.

The future looks far from bright, even for those imperial soldiers lucky enough to survive within the ruins of their plowed-over positions. With the Federation Army surrounding them like a rushing wave, they are being slowly crushed, no longer able to implement their last-minute withdrawal orders.

Even the units fortunate enough to begin retreating without immediate support face a protracted and deadly game of tag against the tenacious Federation Army, trembling in fear of the loitering enemy air troops as they march, bitterly cursing that they have no air support of their own.

One can gloss this however they like, but the Empire is clearly on its last legs.

I know better than anyone that even if the main force avoids being destroyed in the East, it will only amount to a Pyrrhic victory. But we can do little more now than see this through.

- "Target acquired! An enemy fuel convoy... You gotta be kidding.

- Another self-propelled anti-aircraft gun."

- "And do we give a damn, Lieutenant Serebryakov?"

- "I suppose we are used to this by now."

As First Lieutenant Serebryakov's comment indicates, the enemy's supply units are obnoxiously enthusiastic about anti-air defense. For the mages engaged in this operation, heavy anti-air fire has become a day-to-day event.

These cargo trucks always have self-propelled anti-aircraft guns escorting them at the very least. At worst, even the trucks come equipped with anti-air guns, and this is despite the fact that the Federation Army has already secured air superiority. I doubt if even a ground army that completely gave up on even contesting air superiority would be as paranoid about the need for AA fire.

"At least it isn't radar guided..."

The Federation's anti-air fire may be thick, but when it comes to targeting and hitting mages, it still isn't thick enough. A mage could still be shot down if careless... but this is still a level of fire where caution can win the day.

That makes what we need to do clear: attack immediately, thoroughly, relentlessly, and without mercy.

"All units, strike the ground in pairs. And watch out for each other's lines of fire. I don't care if we are an ad hoc unit! Friendly fire will not be tolerated!"

At my orders, the unit disperses to strike, displaying the kind of practiced skill that comes only with repetition. The men prepare for incursion.

Good. As their commander, I nod. We will soon be ready to descend en masse.

"Now then, it's our turn... Let's show some enthusiasm out there, Visha!"

"Yes, Commander. I'll be sure to make up for Lieutenant Grantz's share of enthusiasm as well!"

"I like your spirit, but why mention Lieutenant Grantz's share?"

"It's nothing. I said that for myself, really."

"Come on, out with it," I say, lending my subordinate an ear.

"I'm just worried you're going to replace me with him as your wingman."

Replace Visha?! Oh, of course. I nod. Come to think of it, Tanya asked Grantz to accompany her on that long-range reconnaissance flight.

"Aha-ha-ha, what a great idea! But don't worry, I prefer the wingman I'm used to. You are the most dependable, Lieutenant. I am counting on you, as always."

"I'll do my best!"

"And I look forward to it," I respond, before glancing toward the regiment.

They have finished getting into position. We can now proceed with our ground attack. Since we are a full regiment, I take extra care to confirm that everything is in place. There is only one order to give.

"All units, move out! Hit the ground targets!"

I fire an optical sniping formula toward the ground as I give the order, with First Lieutenant Serebryakov at my back. The flames from the ignited cargo vehicle serve like an insect lamp, luring the Imperial mages to their target.

The sounds of battle form a terrible symphony.

The scintillation of explosion formulas. The screams of what were once people, pierced by optical sniping formulas. The chatter of SMG rounds imbued with penetration formulas, the light and sound as the bullets rip into assault vehicles on the ground-there is a macabre frivolity to it that almost makes it hard to believe these sounds herald the doling out of death.

But it is still too slow! I attempt to whip the mages into a frenzy. "Everyone, work faster! Every second counts! Think of your fellow soldiers! Be prompt and efficient!"

In theory, destroying the enemy's supply lines is simple. But while the theory and the individual actions may be straightforward, execution is anything but. Every ounce of efficiency, every last drop, must be squeezed out wherever possible.

If striking logistics is the obvious move, then so too are its countermeasures.

"The enemy artery is thick! We can't afford to surgically sever each and every supply route! We must hack through the whole limb -fast, magnificent, and rough!"

In all times and in all places, from neophyte to master, all agree: Destroying the lines of supply is a fine thing.

An army is a great consumer.

Even before combat enters the picture, unless soldiers are provided with proper food, rest, and leisure, an army will collapse. Once combat begins, munitions can disappear in the blink of an eye, fuel stores can run dry, and hospital beds, once so empty, can quickly fill to capacity.

Of course, the impact of cutting off an army's logistic lifelines is immense. As time passes, an army that fails to maintain its supply lines will inevitably and rapidly begin to crumble.

Thus, even a layman can easily grasp the usefulness of attacking enemy logistics. Yes, it is a fine idea. That is why experts praise it as an idea. But practically speaking, one addendum must be made: it is a fine idea if one can pull it off.

Tanya recognizes that practical difficulty very well. As an obvious and orthodox approach, the countermeasures to having one's supplies cut off are just as common and diffuse.

And therein lies the crux of the problem: How easy will it be for a single aerial mage division to completely destroy the supply train supporting an enemy army the size of the Federation's-over one hundred divisions? The answer is simple: It will be impossible.

That answer should be obvious. The enemy is on guard for such attacks. Most importantly, there is a difference in scale between attack and defense. Under such circumstances, how much difference can the activity of one small but elite unit actually make?

We can celebrate our smattering of localized wins as much as we want, but it still begs the question: Is there any value in what we are doing beyond a twisted sense of military romanticism?

A logical enough question. Following strict reason, the discussion should end there. No matter how hard we might try, a single division of Imperial aerial mages cannot alter a situation like this. Game, set, match. Victory in war goes to the Federation... That would be the common sense conclusion.

However.

Is there such a thing as common sense in war?

If there were, war would never occur in the first place. If a war that should not be already is, then the Imperial mages have no obligation to content themselves with common sense and meekly accept defeat.

No. This single aerial mage division will devour the enemy's logistics.

War, however, is an agglomeration of absurdity. If we can pull off the impossible, so can our enemies. I am reminded of this common truth by Captain Meybert via my radio, as I fly over enemy territory.

Altitude, 6, 000. We are currently in scouting mode as we penetrate the enemy's sphere of influence. This is the crucial moment-when I least wish to be distracted-so obviously I am none too pleased at receiving an emergency transmission from absentia command at this time.

However, there is danger in becoming the type of commander who does not welcome unwelcome news. I pick up.

"C-C-Colonel!"

It is the voice of our artillery man, clearly upset! Is this prodigious veteran, whom I have left in charge in my absence, frightened? To say that I have a bad feeling about this would be a massive understatement. However, perhaps because of that very feeling, I adopt a magnanimous tone as I respond, "Captain Meybert, what is it? Calm down. This isn't like you."

I speak slowly, enunciating each word so that my excited counterpart can hear me clearly and, by extension, hopefully calm down.

"B-but! It's an emergency!"

Despite all my solicitude, Tanya's voice does little to tranquilize him.

"Colonel, it is an emergency. It's the enemy! They're conducting an airborne attack on command!"

My jaw drops. I fail to immediately grasp the meaning of his words. Captain Meybert, nearly in tears, repeats himself.

"It's an air drop! The Federation Army is targeting Eastern Command! It's a decapitation strike!"

Well, would you look at that. I purse my lips. The Federation is copying the Empire's favourite trick.

"Damn it, Captain Meybert. That is not good news."

An airborne assault on command. That is our specialty, but the truth is, it doesn't necessarily take mages to pull it off. Assuming a one-way trip, even ordinary airborne troops would likely suffice.

Obviously, the Federation would not blink at such extreme steps.

As long as they could establish an airhead, the rest could work itself out. I grimace. It's just like those commies-willing to make the bloody trade if it means shattering our chain of command.

Now would be a good time to throw up, a voice inside my head whispers. But that would just be escapism, another voice chides in response.

I shake my head and begin asking Captain Meybert more questions, almost impulsively.

"What other units are nearby? I don't care how bad it is. I need to know the situation at command."

"We're still in the dark! The only clear thing so far is that they are already fighting!"

I make an immediate decision.

Eastern Command may have lost General Laudon, but that only means they have lost their decision-maker. We cannot allow command to be excised entirely; that would mean losing all organized combat capabilities.

It is our duty to avoid the worst-case scenario, plain and simple.

"I am ordering you to provide assistance. Top priority. Use the entire Kampfgruppe if need be, including Lieutenant Tospan's infantry-I don't care. You have my permission to commit all forces currently at your disposal to assist Eastern Army Command."

"Wh-who will hold the base?"

"Only leave what's needed to destroy cryptographic equipment if it comes to that. Deploy with everyone else. I do not care what it takes-do not allow Eastern Army Command to be taken out by the enemy."

"No matter the cost?"

I grunt emphatically in response to my subordinate's question.

"Yes, Captain Meybert. Let me be clear: Even if it means total annihilation of our Kampfgruppe, the loss of command would be far worse."

"I will begin immediately. Can we expect help from the mages?!" he asks, desperate for support.

But Tanya can only tell him the hard truth in a bitter voice: "Support will be difficult. We won't make it in time. We're deep in enemy territory right now, remember?"

We are currently infiltrating the enemy's rear to target supply lines. Even if we can fly, it isn't as though we can turn around and be at their door in five minutes like a delivery driver with a hot pizza.

"Can't you turn back?!"

"I just told you, we won't make it in time."

I understand how he feels. This doesn't look good for them. I don't need to hear Captain Meybert's pleas to know that any enemy airborne troops coming for command are going to mean business.

The core of a Kampfgruppe is its combined arms doctrine. Expecting them to fight with only artillery and infantry, since both Captain Ahrens's armor and my mages are currently absent, is asking quite a lot.

As his boss, I consider what we can do. I can only choose the best option available under the circumstances. Though we may not be able to reach command in time, we can at least defilade against follow-on forces.

"We will mobilize here to prevent reinforcements from reaching the airhead. If we can make it on time, we'll attempt to provide close air-support afterward... but don't pin your hopes on that."

"I'll do what I can... If you can send even a company, though."

"It's an airborne attack on our HQ. Depending on the scale of the follow-on troops, there's no guarantee we will be able to beat them back on this side, either, even at full strength. I say again, do not expect reinforcements."

It is the worst thing someone can hear from their boss. There is effectively no guarantee that help is coming. I sigh midair. What a sad excuse for a boss Tanya has become.

I have never wanted to be a good soldier. I have wanted to be evaluated as one, treated accordingly, and given better career options. But given the choice, I would just as rather change career paths. When that time comes, I would not want a note in my personnel file stating that I am the type of boss who expects employees to fend for themselves.

If it were me in charge of hiring, I'd prefer to hire a team player.

Who wouldn't? Deep down, no one wants to be forced into selfsacrifice. But the bare minimum of social behavior demands that one be cognizant of others' eyes, and display at least enough teamwork to avoid being seen as pushing the short end of the stick onto others.

As a functioning member of society, Tanya accepts that she is now in a position that requires her to provide good faith support to Captain Meybert. Of all the damned luck! But I can hardly complain out loud. Instead, I offer up a different complaint.

"Those damn Federation commies. When the hell did they get so good at war?!"