## JANUARY 14, UNIFIED YEAR 1928, THE EAST

Eastern Command's communication staff were being inundated. It was like being beset by a swarm of carrier pigeons. "We've lost contact with Third Division Command!" "It's no good! We can't get through!" "You've got the wrong line! Someone else is coordinating fire support!" "It's not just radio, the cables are no good either!" "Shit, everything's jammed! The Federation anthem is playing over every line! Those fucking bastards!" "We're getting requests for emergency support from the Third Air Fleet..." "Wait, we've lost contact?!" "It's not from the division, it's from the Air Fleet!" "The generator is malfunctioning? At a time like this?! Get the backup battery! Now!" "Evacuate the forward positions, hurry! They're gonna get cut off!" "Call up air control!" "Who's coordinating with Air Fleet?!" "Urgent report from Second Air Wing base!" "It's partisans!" "Wait! Stop firing! Those are friendlies, goddammit!"

Everything starts with words.

On the battlefield, where chaos and confusion reign, a misunderstood word is unacceptable. When it comes to military communications, there is no room for error. Every word must be as clear and precise as possible. Reducing the chance of misunderstandings is crucial.

Therefore, combat communications are generally rigidly standardized. While most militaries tend not to be very candid when they are losing, it is otherwise rare to find anything else in life as clear and frank as military communication.

Of course, at the end of the day, communication is still carried out by humans. And in the press of battle, soldiers cry out. To warn of danger. To call for help. To save their friends.

An astounding tsunami of sound woven into words.

But every army knows this. Any major operation will stretch the capacity of its communication networks to the limit. Each individual report may be no more than a drop in the bucket, but together they form an overwhelming torrent.

As a result, armies have developed a tolerance for disorder.

On that fateful day, however, the unbridled flood that Eastern Command faced defied description.

The terrible news-that General Laudon, the head of Eastern Command, had been blown to bits-was only the beginning. The Federation Army had launched a full-scale attack, taking the eastern army completely by surprise, and everyone had something to say.

Eastern Command's communication network was overwhelmed by the deluge of emergency reports arriving from every corner of the front.

It was unbridled chaos.

The sheer level of panic only made the gravity of the situation all the clearer.

Colonel Kramer, the officer in charge of Eastern Command's communications, took a short, deep breath to calm his nerves. Precisely because of how busy they were, what he needed right now was a moment to breathe and compose himself. He had to become a bulwark that would not get swept away in the storm.

As a gold-star pupil of the Empire's inordinately specialized officer training, Colonel Kramer knew there was only one right thing to do in a situation like this, and that was to take a deep breath. Then he addressed his men with a level of confidence that he was sure seemed as fake as it felt.

"Well, gentlemen!" he said, grinning and speaking at the top of his lungs. "It certainly is quiet out there today!"

Colonel Kramer casually produced a cigar and placed it between his teeth with a pretence of courage, smiling as if they had all the time in the world. He knew this made him look like a hopeless fool, but it did help alleviate the tension and mayhem that gripped the room.

Kramer always thought a cigar tasted best when it was accompanied by guffaws.

The atmosphere in the room changed. Although the air was still thick with the scent of the sweat-drenched officers, a chuckle suddenly escaped someone's lips. People were strongest when they laughed. That was the real point of putting on a brave face.

Colonel Kramer's approach to leadership was essentially supreme reliability. Even in the face of crisis, he remained unshakable. That steadiness was what helped his men to pick up on "strange" reports that might have otherwise slipped through the cracks.

For better or worse, this was only possible thanks to Colonel Kramer's presence. He had a stomach for adversity that was second to none.

The intense jamming, likely the work of the Federation Army, was constant. Someone interrupted the line, warning them in terrible, broken Imperial, "Don't be fooled by broken Imperial!"-only for another person, with perfectly fluent Imperial, to follow up immediately with an attempt at disinformation.

During all this bedlam, orders of a completely unexpected nature suddenly arrived, apparently addressed to the eastern chief inspector/Eastern Command.

1. The eastern chief inspector is to immediately transmit a response plan based on existing orders.

2. Eastern Command is to confirm instructions from General Zettour's chief of staff using dedicated one-time pads.

3. Eastern Command is to exercise maximum confidentiality regarding this matter. Rising Dawn merits the greatest caution.

There were only three clauses, and the order had been issued in Colonel Lergen's name.

Lergen? The command staff were familiar with the name. He was well known as the General Staff's head of operations. More importantly, he was famously one of General Zettour's right-hand men.

As an army officer, Colonel Kramer was familiar with the name. And yet... As a man of common sense, his doubt was almost reflexive.

However, the inclusion of General Zettour's name was a compelling detail. Almost too compelling. The explicit mention of instructions from General Zettour, and the use of one-time encryption, were elements that could not be ignored.

In the end, Eastern Command decided to take a closer look at the message, which was written in an unknown code.

After much argument, the one-time pads were unearthed from the sealed safe. The blood drained from the face of the officer tasked with decoding the message almost as soon as he began his work.

Colonel Kramer stared at the officer, his face saying, Surely not. The officer simply replied with a twitch and a nod.

"I... I was actually able to decode the suspicious message using the one-time pad," the officer said. He failed to hide his shock as he handed over the shakily transcribed message.

Colonel Kramer, the top communications officer, glanced down at the paper in disbelief. This was too much.

He dispatched a messenger to Lieutenant General Hasenclever with all haste. Someone else could decide if this message was real or fake. The colonel washed his hands of it.

By all rights, the person at Eastern Command who should have been overseeing their response was the newly appointed, yet extremely industrious, General Johan von Laudon. He was a seasoned military man who would have been more than capable of rising to the challenge of Operation Rising Dawn.

While he had not foreseen Rising Dawn, General Zettour knew that the Federation would be coming eventually... and he had gone to great personal lengths to place Laudon in the East, as one of the best means to ensure the Empire was prepared.

When Zettour departed from the front, he had harboured some serious concerns over the lacking leadership and initiative shown by Eastern Army Command... That was why he had turned to the seasoned and intrepid Laudon in the hopes that the older officer might serve as a powerful buttress in the East.

Like Zettour, who had selected him, Laudon was an extremely capable man with a strong sense of duty.

Zettour had been a second lieutenant in Laudon's regiment long, long ago. At the time, Laudon had been a major and, for all practical purposes, Zettour's god. When Zettour had reappeared out of the blue to arrogantly suggest this new position to Laudon, Laudon agreed on the spot. Not only did he agree, but he immediately appointed an adjutant general and shortly departed for Eastern Command with a single officer's trunk (his only accoutrements) in hand.

This was the stuff that old generals were made of. Ready for action at the drop of a hat. Salamander Kampfgruppe had already been deployed to the front, and now General Laudon had been sent to shore up Eastern Command.

Of course, it was going to take more than improvements to staff before General Zettour could rest easy. But at least one important piece was now in place, should the worst come to pass. "As long as Major Laudon is there, that's one less thing to worry about."

This wasn't a matter of exaggeration. As Zettour's mentor and his superior, and even as his subordinate, General Laudon was more than capable of accomplishing whatever needed to be done. Laudon didn't waste so much as a second. He began working tirelessly to grasp the situation the moment he arrived at the front.

Upon taking a tour of Salamander Kampfgruppe's location, the general found himself completely exasperated with the bureaucratic trappings of eastern staff officers. Frankly, he had complaints. "Improvements are needed," he simply said, giving strict orders to reorganize communication channels before he went to inspect the front lines with an anxious look on his face and several high-ranking officers in tow. Their defensive posture could not be taken for granted. The entire front needed to be checked.

According to Laudon, a staff officer unfamiliar with the situation on the ground was worth less than garbage.

Officers tended to wear their staff badges with inordinate pride, but Laudon did not hesitate to rip off those badges-on the spot-if he determined someone was incapable of carrying out their duties.

"Do your job. You're trying? Try is the excuse of liars. I expect results. If you can't produce them, get your ass out of that seat right this minute and let someone else take your place. If you have time to get in my way like this, then you should spend it doing something useful, like digging your own grave," he said.

The message was clear.

As a major, Laudon had once put the great General Zettour himself through the wringer, and the old officer was still as strong as a mule. Or, to be more accurate, he had been as strong as a mule until recently. That sterling mind, that estimable character, that robust constitution that had shrugged off a whole lifetime of hardship, even that tenacious spirit that had once laughed in the face of strife-they were no more.

All that remained of General Laudon were scraps of meat.

While doing his rounds on the front, General Laudon had learned of a humble memorial being held by some of the troops to honor their fallen comrades. Though it was held in a crumbling barn, there was a valiant attempt to have a banquet. The general immediately decided to join them. He was shown about by the site commander afterward. He toured the installations, clapping the sentries on the shoulder and greeting them individually as they huddled in the cold, putrid mud, staring across the field at the enemy. Before leaving, he

visited the shabby barn that served as a field machine shop. He greeted the soldiers, working so hard to repair their vehicles and tanks, one by one to express his appreciation.

And then, at the precise moment that the Federation commenced Operation Rising Dawn, the air was shattered by a bomb that had been planted by partisans in that shabby barn.

The explosives ignited with a burst of light and smoke, and the results were dramatic. While it would have been of little comfort to the Imperial Army even if they knew, the truth was that the bombing wasn't meant to be a decapitation strike. The Federation Army hadn't been targeting imperial command structure, nor General Laudon.

Between the Imperial Army and the Council for Self-Government, it had seemed as if order was being restored to the rear. This synchronized bombing was merely meant to sow chaos. The Federation Army had inadvertently scored a major, unintended blow with their opening move.

Of course, the Imperial Army was a functional military. Systems were in place to ensure continuity of leadership. The Empire had seen so much fighting by this point that the death of high-ranking officers had long since stopped being a rare event.

Furthermore, General Laudon had been extremely diligent. Just in case, he had left a reliable chief of staff and other personnel to take charge during his absence. He had also made a point to travel separately from his second-in-command except in the most unusual of scenarios. He had taken ample precautions to ensure that the chain of command would not be wiped out in one fell swoop.

Anticipating the worst was part of General Laudon's duty.

And he had been preparing for the worst as if it were second nature. Accomplishing so much so shortly after being appointed was an impressive feat. If it were only a matter of General Laudon himself being reduced to hunks of flesh, the remaining staff would have carried on with Laudon's second solemnly assuming full command. It would have barely been a hiccup.

But the Empire was having an extremely unlucky day.

Laudon's second-in-command was exceptionally diligent, just like the general. This wasn't very surprising, especially given how essential General Zettour considered Laudon to be. The general's second-in-command was the type to set up command near the front lines, rather than hide back where it was safe, so he could maintain battlefield awareness and quickly react to any changes.

The second-in-command had even prepared ample defenses-a concrete reinforced command center capable of withstanding a direct hit from a 250-kilogram bomb. He had shut himself inside these stifling quarters without complaint, considering it a part of his duty.

Under normal circumstances, this would have been more than enough for anything but the absolute worst-case scenario, but as long as the Federation Army already knew where their target was, they had plenty of firepower at their disposal.

Their fortifications can withstand a 250 kg bomb? Then we'll just have to go bigger. The Federation knew they were dealing with a concrete bunker and had brought railway guns along for the ride.

The railway guns had fired as soon as the attack was underway, blasting the reinforced command bunker and swiftly taking out the second-in-command. Worst of all for the Empire, this strike was just another part of the Federation's plan to sow chaos wherever possible, generally chipping away at the Imperial Army's frontline command structure.

While attacking imperial command staff was a major part of Operation Rising Dawn, taking out senior officers was not especially important. Failure to do so had already been incorporated into their projections. Their main objective was disrupt communications.

And yet, their relentless opening salvo had left the Imperial Army's chain of command completely shattered.

In the immediate carnage of the enemy's attack, nearly all of Eastern Command's area commanders had been eliminated. Multiple frontline commanders were unaccounted for as well. Add this to the second-in-command being lost beneath a pile of rubble, and it was a recipe for disaster.

As for Hasenclever, the chief of staff whom Commander Laudon had left in charge in his absence? Simply put, he had just drawn the short end of the stick.

From Hasenclever's point of view, even deciding who was next in the chain of command was impossible. In theory, there was a predetermined order to follow, but with all this chaos, how was he supposed to determine who should be calling the shots now?

Yes, something had obviously befallen General Laudon, but was it serious enough to merit transferring command? Initial reports suggested that the general had been killed. If he had been caught in an explosion, then he was most likely dead, but it still hadn't been confirmed. While this was no time for optimism, Hasenclever didn't know for sure.

Tentatively transferring command to Laudon's second-incommand would have been the natural decision to make, but that person was missing as well, thanks to the absolute firepower of railway guns that could punch right through reinforced concrete. This was a true nightmare. Combined with what happened to General Laudon, it was growing harder not to suspect that the Federation Army's goal was to wipe out the Imperial Army's chain of command.

The most pressing task for the eastern army now was to get back on its feet. The problem was that there didn't seem to be any lieutenant generals available at the moment, let alone a general.

Meanwhile, their command centers were either being bombed from the air or sabotaged by partisans. Not to mention that communication lines had been disrupted by Federation shelling, making it all the more difficult to reestablish command and control as fighting broke out all along the front.

Should Hasenclever call up the third-in-command, who wasn't even currently in the East? Normally, Hasenclever would have done so without hesitation. Procedurally speaking, it was the safest bet and, most importantly, this general was stationed far away from any front line. His qualifications were also spot-on. After all, until very recently, he had also been stationed on the Eastern Front.

Furthermore, the third-in-command worked closely with the higher-ups. This was someone who grasped the General Staff's intentions better than anyone else in the world, and their leadership had already been battle-tested in the East.

The problem was that this person's name was General Hans von Zettour.

Upon being assigned as deputy director of both the Service Corps and Operations, he had, of course, been released from his duties as eastern inspector, but in an unusual twist, he had not been formally dismissed from the position. This unusual arrangement had been concocted by the now-deceased General Rudersdorf. In other words, he was third-in-command in name only, a formality to preserve control over command succession.

But even if it was a position in name only... in organizational terms, General Zettour was still the third-in-command. no one could deny that.

To make matters even more complicated, they were in the middle of a massive crisis. This was a battle against time. Would it be acceptable to skip over the third-in-command under these circumstances?

If so, would the person who was selected as fourth-in-command -someone who happened to have seniority over Hasenclever but knew nothing of the Eastern Front-be able to rein in this mess? A mess so bad that Hasenclever himself wasn't even sure who should be fourth in line?

Naturally, the problem could have been resolved by consulting with the General Staff and having them decide who to appoint to command, but the Federation Army's offensive was already underway. He could hardly ask the Federation to wait a moment while he figured out who should take command, and until that question was answered, someone had to be in charge.

Why now? Right when Lieutenant General Hasenclever had finally decided to warm up to General Laudon, this had to happen. It made him want to cradle his head.

Hasenclever doubted things would go smoothly no matter who he picked. And of course, there was another possibility to consider: What if the third-in-command decided he should personally take charge? Organizationally speaking, it would be suicide to try and get in his way.

If General Laudon was alive... If only he were alive.

For now, Hasenclever had to be realistic and assume that Laudon was dead. As Hasenclever was about to begin implementing whatever stopgap measures he could think of, something thrust them even deeper into chaos.

A telegram arrived.

It was delivered by a signal officer, who had rushed over in a great panic. Surprisingly, the messenger was Colonel Kramer. He should have been ensconced in the communications command post. Even more alarming was how he did not even bother to hide the agitation on his pale face. Hasenclever stared at him dubiously.

Once the shakily penned telegram was thrust into Hasenclever's hands, however, he soon found himself in a similar state of shock.

To: The Eastern Army

From: Eastern Chief Inspector Zettour

In accordance with directives from the General Staff, based on September 10, UY 1927 orders by Generalfeldmarschall Rudersdorf and General Zettour, chief of staff of the eastern army are as follows below.

1. The following is transmitted based on orders from General Zettour.

- Regarding the current situation

The winter offensive launched by the Federation Army is a multiechelon wave attack aiming for operational depth. The enemy likely hopes to destroy our field army.

- Response

The entire line must strategically withdraw and rebuild defensive lines. Units should not become bogged down in existing defensive strongpoints. Prioritize holding lines of communication and defending against enemy thrusts as much as possible.

- Orders

1. All Air Fleet units deployed in the East are to dedicate their full force to achieve air superiority.

2. Sealed Defensive Plan No. 4 is to be opened and implemented immediately.

3. The 203rd Aerial Mage Battalion, part of Lergen Kampfgruppe and reporting directly to the General Staff, is to be redeployed, and Salamander Kampfgruppe to be formed around said battalion. All aerial mages in the East are to give full, priority support to Salamander Kampfgruppe.

4. Die-in-place orders are suspended. Freedom to advance or retreat based on tactical judgment must be delegated to all units.

5. Eastern Chief Inspector is to commit Salamander Kampfgruppe to aerial battle.

Needless to say, Hasenclever would never implement such suspicious orders without some serious thought. No senior officer with even a shred of sense would do such a thing with a straight face.

It was highly suspect for a telegram like this to arrive with such perfect timing, right when intense Federation jamming disrupted most communication. They could be falsified orders. In Hasenclever's mind, the possibility demanded serious consideration. "It's most likely a fake telegram from the Federation Army. Very crafty of them, targeting our chain of command with such pinpoint accuracy...," muttered Hasenclever, suppressing his resentment. But Colonel Kramer immediately contradicted this assertion.

"But, General, the codes were genuine."

"Genuine? You're saying it's not a decoy?"

"Yes, sir," continued Colonel Kramer, in a shaky voice. "As far as

I... As far as it is possible for me to confirm... the orders appear to be valid."

Lieutenant General Hasenclever was taken aback by the communication officer's somewhat stiff response. He resisted the urge to reply that there were many ways to forge such things.

"General, these orders were decoded using a one-time pad. I understand your scepticism, but unless General Zettour's own disposable ciphers were somehow leaked, it strongly suggests that the orders are genuine..."

General Zettour's one-time pad-an unexpected piece of evidence that Hasenclever found hard to refute. A one-time key was, of course, only used once. Successfully breaking a code the very first time was essentially unthinkable, so unless a pad was leaked, forging a message using the correct encryption pattern was impossible.

Was there really any chance that a one-time pad, especially one of Zettour's own, had been compromised? Putting the issue of encryption aside, however, there was still an obvious point to be made.

"Be that as it may, Colonel," said Lieutenant General Hasenclever, "has anyone ever heard of this sealed defensive plan? This is a first for me. Would it not make more sense to assume that such plans do not exist?"

"But the codes were genuine General Staff codes. They were deciphered with Colonel Lergen's and General Zettour's one-time pads..."

Colonel Kramer insisted that they should at least confirm whether this sealed Defensive Plan No. 4 actually existed or not. Hasenclever had no real reason to refuse.

All the same, he found this all hard to believe. Lieutenant General Hasenclever had been directly involved in the creation of many of the defensive plans for the Eastern Front, but had never heard of any so-called Defensive Plan No. 4.

However, he also had his instincts as a military bureaucrat. He would rather be laughed at for nearly getting fooled than be strung up later for ignoring orders because he didn't even check.

"Fine, fine. We'll have the safe checked. Not that we'll find anything..."

A few staff officers and gendarmerie were sent to poke around. They quickly found the safe, which had been sealed by General Zettour. All that was left now was for a senior ranking officer to unlock it-in this case, Hasenclever himself.

Inside were several bundles of documents, affixed with simple titles. General Zettour had not left many documents behind. For better or worse, the lieutenant general had a sharp eye. The item in question was found almost immediately.

Defensive Plan Drafts

That was all that was written on the parcel. "Hrm?"

Lieutenant General Hasenclever found it difficult to immediately process that he had, in fact, found the thing they were looking for. He first had to turn the parcel over, with his shaking hands, remove the contents, and stare reality in its face.

Unbelievably, four sealed envelopes, carefully affixed with the titles Sealed Defensive Plan No. 1, Sealed Defensive Plan No. 2, Sealed Defensive Plan No. 3, and Sealed Defensive Plan No. 4, spilled out.

Hasenclever had been with Eastern Command for quite some time, but this was the first time he had ever seen these plans. But there they were, inside a tightly sealed safe in headquarters, just as the dubious telegram had suggested.

"What?! What is something like this doing here?!" the lieutenant general cried out, unable to stop himself from shouting. He quickly began making calculations in his head.

The orders had ostensibly come from the General Staff and included an encrypted message from General Zettour. It had also been successfully decoded with a one-time pad tied to the general. Additionally, Hasenclever had personally confirmed that the safe General Zettour left behind had been sealed tight up right until he had opened it himself.

Lieutenant General Hans von Zettour, in a hand that Hasenclever remembered.

"Bring me a chair. A sturdy one."

After he settled into the seat someone had brought over for him, Lieutenant General Hasenclever unsealed the document with shaking hands. He quickly scanned its surprisingly short contents and groaned.

Defensive Plan No. 4 seemed to presume a total collapse of the front, and the gist was that they should use whatever space was available to blunt the enemy attack. In other words, prioritize and facilitate falling back to preserve the field army.

However, Hasenclever couldn't help but wonder if these were just Zettour's personal notes. no one in their right mind would call this a full-fledged plan. Too much was missing. Of course, if the front really was collapsing, then this contingency plan... It was little more than a theoretical outline, but even so... Directionally, it wasn't bad.

"But this is far too vague. How am I supposed to issue something like this as an order...?"

The prospect was not appealing.

The implementation could be left to the frontline commanders and their troops, but these orders would undoubtedly cause pandemonium. A withdrawal...? That the plans didn't explicitly state how far they were expected to retreat was the scariest part of all.

"The core principle of auftragstaktik is to convey what needs to be done and leave figuring out how to the discretion of those in the field. But with a goal this simple..."

Lieutenant General Hasenclever felt more conflicted than ever. This message had come by what could be called a convoluted route if one wanted to be charitable. As far as the orders went, too many things seemed off. But could he say, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that the orders were fake?

"Ugh, damn it all."

Poor Lieutenant General Hasenclever could only groan softly. As much as he would have liked to dismiss the orders, when all was said and done, it was difficult for him to flat out do so. But he hesitated, as good sense demanded. This was all too unorthodox.

Too outlandish. And far too suspicious.

Was someone trying to pull one over on him? After much backand-forth, however, he still found himself back where he started.

That order, encrypted with a one-time key. And those sealed plans, written in General Zettour's hand, found sitting inside a safe in command headquarters! How would the enemy be able to manage something like that? How would they even be aware that the plans existed, if not even Hasenclever himself knew that General Zettour had left them behind? One could argue that the enemy's spies and informants might have penetrated that deep, but was it not far more probable that the orders were authentic?

Furthermore, as much as Lieutenant General Hasenclever wanted to lament this fact... he was the one in charge for now, but he was just an acting deputy. If the actual decision maker, General Laudon, were still present, it was entirely possible that he would have been aware of these plans...

"If only General Laudon were here...," Hasenclever said, repeating himself helplessly.

The next report to arrive reached poor, unfortunate Lieutenant General Hasenclever's ears without delay. Punishment, perhaps, for having tucked himself away in a corner of the command center to gripe. Colonel Kramer-whom Hasenclever had put in command while he momentarily vacated his post-had rushed over, deathly pale.

"S-sir! The mage units, the mage units...!"

"Calm down, Colonel. A signal officer must never panic!" The young colonel, however, continued to breathlessly shout.

"I-it's already started! The mages are acting on that suspicious telegram! They're already on the move!"

Lieutenant General Hasenclever did a double take. This came as another hard blow.

"The 203rd under the General Staff's direct command has begun siphoning up whatever mages they can find and adding them to their command. They say they're forming a provisional regiment! They've already begun carrying out the orders!"

"That doesn't make any sense!" someone shouted.

How were the mages acting so quickly? They had no way of confirming whether the pads or sealed plans even existed!

Something smelled off. As an organization man, Lieutenant General Hasenclever's brain told him that something wasn't adding up. And as a good organization man, he knew what call to make.

"Stop them!" he said, demanding the order be transmitted to the Kampfgruppe. No sooner had he spoken, however, than Colonel Kramer interjected.

"But, General! We can't send them orders!"

"Why in the hell not?!"

The Kampfgruppe had just issued orders to the entire theater and mobilized their troops. And to make matters worse, the majority of the Eastern Front mages had answered their call! Lieutenant General Hasenclever shouted in open rage.

"H-how is this any different from a mutiny?!"

That was when he began to wonder... What if it was the 203rd who had falsified the orders? But that thought opened a whole new can of worms. The lieutenant general had been on the Eastern Front for a long time. He had learned firsthand that General Zettour considered the 203rd Aerial Mage Battalion (and by extension, the Salamander Kampfgruppe) his pride and joy.

The 203rd. They were a keen instrument of violence, possessing unparalleled precision; a band of warriors who existed for the express purpose of waging war.

Zettour doted upon them like they were his hand-reared hounds, but they were a terrifying tool. No matter how reckless the task, one order was all they needed to rush into cold-blooded action.

And they never held back.

As a man who had spent time in the East, Hasenclever was somewhat familiar with the monster known as Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff. A part of him even wondered if she was the source of this mutiny. But that was impossible-that was the one thing he could be sure of.

Hasenclever had ample faith in Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff's achievements. If he were toone day hear that she had snapped and pumped her incompetent senior officers full of lead... well, that was something Hasenclever would have no trouble believing. But this particular monster, though ever ready to crush her enemies' bones and feast upon their blood, was General Zettour's faithful hound at the end of the day. Savage, yes, but still a hound of war.

Even Lieutenant General Hasenclever knew of the fearsome and legendary exploits of the Salamander Kampfgruppe and its young commander. When they were thrown into isolated positions like Soldim 528, they marched into the jaws of death without complaint and reveled in battle until they were satisfied.

In this world, it was said that an army could sometimes perish on a single order. That was true, of course. There was a limit to all things. Not even the Eastern Front was an exception. But when all was said and done, the 203rd was faithful to its orders. Outstanding soldiers on the one hand, and fully indoctrinated warmongers on the other.

Even the 203rd's commander's record was over the top. In fact, there was no need to consider her storied career. Even her very first achievement astounded Lieutenant General Hasenclever.

Why would a soldier fight so ferociously to delay the enemy when during their very first battle, they were up against a whole company of mages on their own-and why would they go so far as to selfdestruct without hesitation once failure seemed imminent?

Take the enemy down with you... Who else could earn a Silver Wings Assault Badge and live to tell the tale? Or at least that was the impression Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff had left on most of those in the Imperial Army who had met her in person. It was hard not to feel like something about her was broken.

If it had just been a spur-of-the-moment act, then there would have been something very human about it. But the 203rd warmongers repeated such exploits over and over again, with their commander always leading the charge.

But above all, she was always loyal to the mission.

To repeat, Hasenclever would not be surprised in the slightest if Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff were toone day kill a superior officer for their incompetence. But the question he asked himself at the moment was this: Would it be easier to believe that Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff had mutinied, or that Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff had died in battle?

Maybe his worries were unfounded. Would it not be more consistent to assume, in the end, that the 203rd's commander was acting in accordance with legitimate orders, just like always?

Lieutenant General Hasenclever cradled his head. He was starting to think in circles. Meanwhile, the other officers of Eastern Command, who were by no means stupid, had reached similar conclusions.

They began to voice their doubts.

"They've mobilized, and they report directly to the General Staff. That must mean the orders are real, right?" "But... what if they're abusing their unique position to better sell the lie?" "Isn't that just being paranoid?" "But how can we be sure these orders are legitimate...?" "Can anyone confirm this came from the General Staff... Wait, with the state of the front right now..."

The officers wavered. Although intelligent, they were in no position to make decisions. If the general were here, he would have been able to take responsibility. Unfortunately, he had been reduced to hunks of flesh, leaving the remaining officers in a painful limbo.

"Should we order a general retreat?!"

"But if the orders turn out to be false, we'd just be tearing troops from the defensive line!!"

"Doesn't anyone have more information?!"

The officers continued to delay their decision.

There was a sound argument that they should wait for confirmation first, but that required making contact. Everyone knew the risks of trying that. no one had the stomach to make such a serious inquiry over radio, which was sure to be intercepted. They had enough common sense to understand what would happen.

But it is difficult for humans to heed the dangers of inaction. They are far more likely to be held back by "what-ifs," the perceived risks of action. Therefore, it wasn't until the eastern army's staff officers attempted to make contact via the relatively secure cable telephone that they finally realized something.

Despite General Laudon's frustration at the sluggish pace, they were still very behind schedule in laying down cables, even in villages just a few kilometers away.

Their only option was for an officer to go in person.

The fastest route would have been to send a mage by air, but they could hardly task a lone junior officer with a job as important as confirming the validity of orders.

So what were they to do? Have a mage carry one of them all the way to the General Staff Office?

It took a young major-fresh out of war college and not yet coloured by the relative timidity of the eastern army-to finally take action. Since seeing is believing, mused the intrepid young major, wouldn't it be better to just go right now? Realizing that time was wasting, the major hopped onto a military motorbike and, with a quick word to his commanding officer, sped off toward Salamander Kampfgruppe's camp.

The trip only took half an hour. Just thirty minutes, while the higher-ups continued to vacillate. But when it came to scrambling troops, thirty minutes may as well be an eternity.

Enough time to comfortably pass the point of no return.

Aerial Field Mage Division, Provisional Front Line Combat Operation Center.

A bombastic and powerful name-one that suggested the full, concentrated force of the Empire.

But the truth was this name was all for show.

The Kampfgruppe's comms equipment had been installed atop a commandeered wooden fruit crate. Another spare crate was being used as a seat, as there were no proper chairs to be found.

At a stretch, one might say the place felt rustic and homely.

Essentially, the only impressive thing about this place was the sign out front proclaiming PROVISIONAL FRONT LINE COMBAT OPERATION CENTER. Otherwise, it was just another ramshackle barn.

The scent of coffee wafting heavily through the air was the one thing that lent an atmosphere of civilization to the dilapidated scene. But packed tightly inside the barn were this generation's premier instruments of violence.

The major addressing the room had a veteran's air about him. The aerial mage officers gathered inside-officers deployed to the East and accustomed to combat-stared with a mixture of confusion and, yes, expectation.

"Everyone, a-attention!"

As soon as a young sub-lieutenant issued the command in a shaky voice, a myriad of eyes turned toward the major, demanding an explanation as he stepped onto one of the crates. He allowed their stares to wash over him as he began speaking in a calm tone.

"My name is Major Weiss. I am the provisional chief officer assigned to this aerial mage division, temporarily formed by order of the eastern inspector."

"So you're the ranking officer here?"

The doubt emanating from the gathered mages was evident, but Major Weiss's response was firm and clear.

"Questions can wait until I am finished. Does anyone have a problem with that?" he said, staring sharply at them. no one objected.

It was easy for a Named mage such as Weiss to demand respect. Actions speak, as the saying goes. Soldiers who constantly got their hands dirty could respect heroes who had some mud on their trousers. That was enough for the Salamander Kampfgruppe and the 203rd to earn their trust for now. The mages simply nodded, waiting for Major Weiss to continue.

"As this division has been provisionally formed, commanders will still be expected to lead their respective battalions, with Kampfgruppe command providing only basic control. As a result, consider this operation center's control over each battalion to be exercised via the respective battalion commanders."

Some of them must have realized just how absurd this arrangement was. If they did, then they must have been too stunned to speak-a Kampfgruppe command element giving marching orders for an entire division? Even with most duties delegated to individual commanders, there was still a limit.

Major Weiss continued explaining calmly, without a hint of reluctance or hesitation.

"You must be wondering what sort of situation could require such a style of operation. You have the right to an explanation, and I plan to give you one." Major Weiss paused, as if to command their attention, before continuing calmly. "Currently, the core of our forces on the Eastern Front are under a full-scale attack by the Federation. This offensive achieved strategic surprise. It is likely only a matter of time until the eastern army's defensive line collapses... if it hasn't done so already."

Major Weiss's poised face was like the lull in a storm. He was like a practiced boatman, steering them to shore. The striking gap between the blustering content of his words and the serene demeanour in which he delivered them filled many of the young magical officers with fear.

"As you are already aware... the first wave of the enemy's offensive has struck along a broad section of the front. Additionally, due to fierce bombardment, our defensive line and reserves have been hit hard in all zones. The enemy's planning seems to have been very elaborate."

"Additionally," explained Major Weiss, his demeanour as unperturbed as if listing items off a menu, "I am repeating myself, but... the rear has been suffering frequent attacks as well. Confirmation is still needed, but multiple members of command have gone missing. Gentlemen, I do not think this needs to be said, but the situation has fallen into total chaos."

Weiss grinned, playing to the crowd in true veteran fashion.

"In other words, we are standing in the eye of the storm. Pandemonium awaits us on all sides. What a nostalgic feeling for a mage."

"In fact," said Weiss, thinking back to old times, "this reminds me of the François Army back on the Rhine with their head crushed, retreat cut off-like rats in a trap. But this time the shoe is on the other foot. And the view is not so nice from this side of things."

Glorious total war in the East. There were many grizzled veterans among the magical officers lined up in the room-ones who had been in the thick of battle and survived. Many of their number had also participated in Operation Revolving Door, and couldn't help but feel anxious to learn that their positions were now reversed.

Having briefly summarized this unprecedented situation, the 203rd's representative got to the bottom line. He sounded like an on-site foreman announcing a change in plans.

"Thus, regarding future trajectories... Speaking broadly, a few minor adjustments will be required."

Minor adjustments? Is this a joke?

The men were stunned. Weiss ignored their reaction and continued.

"Under the previously distributed initial response plans, the clear expectation would have been for us to support an imperial counterattack-either by proceeding with haste to whichever section of the front was under the most pressure or by cutting off the spearhead of the attack from the side.

"However," he explained, "as you are all aware, the situation facing us differs in one important way from this theoretical scenario... The enemy's offensive is not concentrated on a single point, but is formed of multiple thrusts. Meaning that, unfortunately, we are not dealing with a spearhead, but a solid line."

When the enemy thrusts forward with a spear, the best course of action is to float like a butterfly and sting like a bee. This was the Imperial Army's standard operating procedure: Stay mobile and stab the enemy where their defences were weakest. It was something they prided themselves on, even when options were limited, relying solely on their own strength and judgment.

But this time, the enemy was a wall. Not a spear, not even a massive war hammer, but a wall applying overwhelming pressure across a huge area.

Major Weiss waited for their attention to turn to the map, which showed the confirmed enemy positions, before smacking his hand down on it lightly.

"A quick look at this should make this clear: the enemy is coming at us in waves. Multiple tidal waves."

Friendly forces on the front line were currently being hit by the first echelon, or wave.

The Imperial Army had long known that when the Federation counterattacked, they would come with a massive, multitudinous force and that the pressure on the focus of their offensive would be stupendous.

In other words, they had been prepared for a strategic point somewhere along the front to be temporarily inundated. However, they had not foreseen the possibility of the enemy coming in a massive tidal wave that would engulf the entire defensive line.

Naturally, if the defenders hunkered down in relatively fortified positions, each strongpoint would hold out for a time. And if the attack eventually petered out, that tactic might work.

However, Weiss knew that one of the Empire's assumptions was wrong. This wave was not going to recede.

After the first magnificent tidal wave landed, another wave of identical scope would sweep in from behind. If imperial forces sat on some high ground and waited, anticipating that help would eventually come, they would only be swept away instead. And even if they weren't swept away, they could not wait for help forever. With supply lines cut off, stores of water, food, and fuel would eventually run out.

If the Federation Army kept them encircled between waves, like an unsurpassable sea, their strongpoints would sink, eventually.

It was just like any other siege. No stronghold could produce an endless river of food and bullets. As more time passed, supplies would dwindle. While each position might be able to buy time and hold out until a friendly counterattack relieved them, what if that counterattack never came?

At some point, the soldiers in these positions would have to make a choice: surrender or die. Even if they tried to escape, by the time supplies ran out, it would already be too late.

There was only one possible conclusion. Almost all of the Imperial Army's forces in the east were becoming increasingly bogged down. If these units failed to withdraw from their current positions, there would be only two options left for the mages: They could hunker down with them, get comfortable, and eventually die in battle together. Or, seeing as they could fly, they could shamelessly flee, leaving their brothers-in-arms behind.

Weiss quickly connected the dots for the soldiers.

"After this wave swallows up the strongpoints dotting the front, our strength will eventually run out. Even if we sent relief forces, they would likely only be swept away by the second wave."

For the first time since he began speaking, a pained expression appeared on Weiss's face. As the mages stared at him questioningly, he shared the same conclusion that his superior had reached.

"If that happens, it will all be over. It will mean a decisive loss from which we will likely never recover. Which is why, right now, we need to focus on one thing and one thing only. Nothing else matters."

There was resistance, even hostility, in the eyes of the other officers as they stared at him, but the veteran major continued, undeterred.

"We cannot allow the Empire's main force on the Eastern Front to be wiped out. This should go without saying, but our priority must be to avoid total annihilation."

Weiss shrugged lightly and sighed.

"And let me make it clear, brothers-I do not mean annihilation in a strategic or figurative sense. We need to make sure our army doesn't get wiped off the face of the earth. To do so, we must abandon all other concerns."

Major Weiss did not hide his distress as he emphasized the word "abandon," yet the firmness in his tone urged the assembled soldiers to recognize the truth of his words.

"There is only one intelligent response to a tidal wave. Do you know what that is? It is to evacuate. Go somewhere safe, immediately, without delay. Our only option now is retreat.

"But at least this is war and not a literal earthquake that makes tidal waves. The ground will remain firm beneath our feet," he added. "And, unlike the waves of an ocean, it is possible to delay an army's progress. While we will certainly suffer heavy losses, it may still be possible for us to avoid the worst outcome," said Weiss, offering a glimpse of despair-and hope.

"There is no need to panic. We are lucky... General Zettour had a plan in place for just such an eventuality. Defensive Plan Number Four."

Weiss knew that what he was saying bordered on outright fraud. Although, according to his superior-the lieutenant colonel who had put together this whole yarn-it really amounted to nothing more than persuasive embellishment.

The things that came out of these shot-callers' mouths! Not that Weiss could complain, since he was doing his best impression of such a bigwig at that very moment. It was a bizarre feeling.

"There is still one problem, however. Command has misread the enemy's attack. Additionally, the chain of command is in disarray. As a result, they are still second-guessing whether or not to implement the plan."

They were doing more than second-guessing, if Weiss was being honest. Yet, having chosen to believe in his superior, Major Weiss lied to his comrades-in-arms without so much as batting an eyelid.

"As a result, we must buy double the time-the time the brass need to get this confusion under control and the time friendly troops need to complete their evacuation. Time is what we will provide."

Not "can," but "will." A trustworthy veteran who had seen battle after battle, Weiss made eye contact with every soldier present.

"In order to buy that time, we are going to counterattack with all our strength, in accordance with Defensive Plan Number Four. The only effective solution to our problems right now is to carry out air raids-that means deep strikes. As tactical aerial mages, that is our mission now, no matter the cost," said Major Weiss, inviting the other officers to join him.

If they were wrong about this, he knew he was going to hell.

The time had come. To abandon their comrades en masse. To excise the few for the sake of the many. To consign themselves to the fires of total war.

"If you need something to resent, then resent the orders. But orders are still orders. And these are ours, delivered and received."

Just then, Major Weiss thought of his own trusted superior officer and how she would behave in this situation. Not that he had any particular reason to think of her now-it was mostly a force of habit. He decided to add one last pièce de rédistance in his best imitation thus far.

"But really, what is there to resent? We've got it easy!"

Weiss's commanding officer always had a smile at the ready. He couldn't conjure up an air of nonchalance quite like she could, but he could still land a good jab or two.

"For the first time in ages, we get to mount a full-strength counterattack with an entire aerial mage division!"

A battalion of mages would have already been mighty impressive, but now they had a whole division. Even in the heydays of the Rhine, they would have struggled to mobilize such numbers, and the Eastern Front was vast. Here, they were split up, limited to providing support along the front. Without pulling mages from their normal assignments, the idea of a comprehensive, division-level operation would have remained a pipe dream.

Only by abandoning all forms of dedicated support to the frontline units, leaving many of them at the mercy of the enemy, did they manage to gather together at such an unprecedented scale...

"Today, you and I become the main players on the stage! Is that not every mage's dream?"

When Weiss returns from delivering instructions, I am already hard at work composing a mountain of orders.

I feel zero compunction about making full use of Colonel Lergen's name. I've already prepared the necessary orders for Salamander Kampfgruppe in Tanya's.

While we are doing what we can to maintain some semblance of organization, the reality is that we are acting arbitrarily outside the chain of command. This means that, despite the extensive workload, the administrative tasks required to implement division-scale deep air support with mages can now only be carried out by me and the other officers. To be honest, I'm starting to push the limits of human endurance.

A division usually has its own headquarters, with multiple officers assigned to it. This is not merely for the sake of ceremony, honor, or to maintain a certain number of posts in order to ensure stable employment.

Manpower.

What we need most right now is manpower.

With a mage battalion acting as the division's core, there are simply not enough officers. Even when it was only a Kampfgruppe, I had to delegate decisions around camp to Captain Meybert, who was already responsible for his own artillery command. I've also had to overburden First Lieutenant Tospan, the on-site commander.

To manage the division, I have First Lieutenant Serebryakov running back and forth as a liaison nearly three times the normal amount, yet we are still nowhere near covering everything that needs to be done.

However-the mages take precedence. I lift my haggard face and ask my second-in-command a question.

"Well, Major Weiss? Do the mages seem motivated?"

"Reality seems to have sunk in. I think they understand the necessity of our approach."

"Good," I say with a nod. "Hopefully we can maintain command and control..."

Weiss's report is a huge relief.

I'm a little surprised I haven't screamed yet, given how touchand-go things are. In any case, we are past the first hurdle now, and the tension drains from my shoulders.

"It looks like our gamble has paid off," says Weiss, offering congratulations. But we are only just getting started. I shake my head, tensing once more.

"It's too early to say that. Let's just hope Lieutenant Grantz manages things on his end."

"What about our defences here? Should we be taking those for granted?"

"I certainly hope we will prevail. But... if we fail, neither you nor I will survive this. So there isn't much use in worrying."

The logic is simple. Worrying won't change things. Therefore, it's better not to think. It would be a far more productive use of time to worry about what will happen if and when we do succeed. Tanya will save her focus for where it is needed.

"I don't deny this will be a big job. We're looking at deploying three regiments. Our primary goal is to hammer the enemy's logistics, but we also need to hit their second echelon. In the event that we do fail, we can leave the next steps to General Zettour. We need to focus on our work here."

"Speaking of which... About that work..."

"What is it, Major?"

Major Weiss seems slightly reluctant.

"Can we provide any support for friendly bases?"

This again? I furrow my brow slightly. I thought this issue had long since been laid to rest.

"Don't bring up things we can't do. You know we're the only ones putting out fires right now, and even if we did have the personnel to answer calls for help, don't you think they would be doing more by conducting additional deep air support missions?"

"I understand, but... the idea of leaving our comrades to die didn't seem to go over very well."

I cross my arms and think for a moment. From a purely military perspective, flying support missions is a luxury we can ill afford. The front is on fire.

The Federation's offensive isn't just any old fire either; it's a raging gas fire. Say we do give into the temptation and run to aid our allies. We commit precious resources and personnel, only to fail to contain the inferno. Where does that leave us?

Once we exhaust ourselves and can only watch as the flames spreads, everything will be lost.

"Right now, our job is to be firefighters. And the only way to put out a fire is to hit it at the source," I say matter-of-factly. "We're already shorthanded, as is. The worst thing we could do right now is split our attention."

"You're absolutely right, Colonel. Even so..."

"Even so, leaving your comrades to die doesn't rest well with you."

Weiss nods with a deeply troubled look on his face. "Every soldier can't help but wonder if they'll end up suffering the same fate tomorrow."

Essentially, it's a matter of trust.

From a strategic perspective, the idea seems illogical. But in terms of morale, the harm caused by abandoning fellow soldiers could be significant.

What would be the best course of action? I make a quick calculation in my head before deciding on a compromise.

"As long as it is purely pro forma, some support would be acceptable. Specifically, we can use friendly positions, isolated in enemy territory, as stepping stones during our deployment. The troops will not be prohibited from providing temporary assistance with base defense when the situation calls for it."

This way, while they wouldn't be going out of their way to save their fellow soldiers, they wouldn't be abandoning them, either.

"I'm sorry, but it's the most we can do."

"Then... we absolutely cannot do extractions?"

Extractions? I cradle my head. The mere suggestion has just made my headache worse. What is he expecting us to do, stop the Federation Army's entire first wave? Maybe if I had Cnut the Great come back to life to explain that isn't possible, Major Weiss would finally get the picture. Or, like Cnut's own vassals, maybe he has convinced himself that I really am all-knowing and all-powerful?

I'm not sure whether to feel pleased that my subordinate holds such a high opinion of me or to scold him for expecting the impossible. After some hesitation, I decide that this calls for a healthy dose of the truth.

"The enemy's rear line and its logistics train-targeting just these two will require everything we can throw at them. We may be functioning as a substitute strategic air force, but you understand, I hope, that we cannot save that many soldiers?"

"But... we're going to see the friendly troops along the way, whether we like it or not."

"Then let me make myself clear. Providing support for any ground units outside of designated objectives will be strictly prohibited for the simple reason that we cannot afford to do so. We have to save the field army first. We have to do whatever it takes to prevent it from being wiped out. The troops have to understand that accomplishing that will save far more lives than any isolated extractions."

"That makes sense... but to be honest, even for me, it's a hard truth to stomach," he says, looking down with a smile, as if urging me not to pay him any mind.

The twinge of conscience Tanya feels is acceptable; it shows she is a good person. However, the ones who should really be held responsible for this, I brood, are those who created this strategic environment in the first place-namely, the state.

"The Empire has not seen fit to afford us even the luxury of tears. We are just a single mage division; we are not in any position to abandon soldiers. Others have already abandoned them for us." The battlefield is no place for tears.

"An aerial mage division can only do so much. Expecting us to accomplish more than what's realistic is a failure on the part of the brass. As long as we are adequately fulfilling our duties, the blame lies with those above if they still demand more. We are simply the unfortunate sacrifices from whom added value is expected. There is no need to feel guilty about it."

Appropriate compensation and evaluation for appropriate labor is an arrangement that should be a matter of course.

"This is not the Rhine. There will be no replacements, no reinforcements, no support units coming out of the woodwork to join us. And the situation, obviously, is far bleaker than it ever was back West."

We can only continue to work so long as we remain alive.

"You are overthinking this, Major Weiss. It's better to simplify things. Forget about subordinates who can't do their job and higherups who won't. Focus solely on what needs to be done. That's the best way to live."

I flash him a bold smirk.

"Now then, it's time to get to work, Major Weiss."

Operation Rising Dawn commenced according to plan.

Relief permeated every corner of the Federation's military high command, the Stavka.

The Federation Army had been very careful with its preparations, claiming to know the Eastern Imperial Army's disposition better than even the Empire itself. Despite this, however, some worries remained. Would this operation really succeed?

A historically unprecedented effort had been taken to ensure their offensive remained a secret. They held multiple parades of newly formed units in the capital, sending signals to the Empire via third countries that they were reorganizing whole formations, all so the Empire would miscalculate the Federation's concentration of forces. But this was only the beginning.

Feeble units were placed on the front line for show, using the Empire's own regular aerial scouting against them, while new equipment and newly formed units were trial-deployed to disguise troop training. These were all skillful measures designed to divert the Empire's attention from the Federation's actual purpose-the amassing of a great host.

The Federation intentionally bade the partisans behind enemy lines to pause their activities so that the Imperial Army would lower its guard. This even extended to overlooking the Empire's steady rebuilding of transportation infrastructure in anticipation of the Federation Army's offensive.

The Empire was doing an excellent job of refitting railways and roads in its territories. This not only improved the supply situation, but also greatly improved the very roads the Federation would use to advance! The Stavka was practically beside itself with glee.

Essentially, they would be commandeering the Empire's own resources and labor to use against it.

However, memories of being repelled time after time by the Empire were still firmly embedded in the Federation Army's mind. The despicable Imperial Army and its despicable General Staff-the cunning of the imperials knew no bounds! But this time, surely, it was the Federation that had the upper hand.

By God, by motherland, but most of all, by artillery! "It's finally time to begin..."

The words hung softly in the air. It was all that the moment required.

The artillery began suppressing the front, just as planned.

Their carefully coordinated planned fires were performing perfectly. Even better, the Federation's air force had already secured air superiority. Everything was moving right on schedule.

Now all that was left was the first echelon's ferocious charge... "... and victory will be ours."

"At last."

They all nodded in agreement.

"But we need to be wary of decapitation strikes. It is paramount that we remain vigilant against mages and other airborne forces."

"Understood. But do you think the Imperial Army will really come?"

"They came all the way to Moskva once before, remember?"

This congregation of believers in absolute pragmatism, known as the Federation Army, had already envisaged the worst possible counterattacks-including that some group like the dreaded Salamander Kampfgruppe might try to storm Stavka headquarters. For this reason, they had reserved their own division of mages, with experienced soldiers at its core, for interception purposes.

And while there were concerns over the quality of the unit, it would surely be strong enough to serve as cannon fodder against any battalion of enemy mages-at least until command could regain its defensive posture.

The Federation was certain this time. Certain of their superiority. Certain that their highly polished operation was going to secure victory.

Around the same time, another group present was capable of witnessing the Federation's absolute certainty from an outside perspective: the attachés from the Commonwealth.

Once the gist of Operation Rising Dawn was revealed to them, the attachés were left astonished. To be honest, the Federation's plans had horrified them-it was an unyielding charge that would place the entire world beneath the Federation's thumb.

Officially speaking, of course, the Commonwealth and the Federation were allies fighting this war together.

Regardless of the truth of the matter, as a point of contact with the Federation, the attachés knew that what was expected of them in their official position was to offer their congratulations upon being informed of this massive counteroffensive. They understood the game of diplomacy well enough to express their most heartfelt prayers for a successful operation.

Internally, however, they were deeply concerned about the prospect of the Federation reaping victory solely for itself.

In their professional assessment, the likelihood of success from Rising Dawn seemed exceedingly high. This operation was the crystallization of diligent preparation. The attachés were veterans who had seen action on the Rhine. "Compared to this," they groaned, "even the Rhine was child's play..."

The scope of the operation, the sheer amount of munitions being expended-it was mind-boggling.

As good soldiers of the Commonwealth, they immediately dispatched a warning to their home nation. It was time to spare a thought for what would come after the war.

At that point, the entirety of Commonwealth command believed that the Imperial Army was facing imminent defeat. The outlook presented by the Federation Army was strong. According to them, "The Imperial Army is completely unprepared and once strategic surprise is achieved, they will be thrown into chaos. However, the imperial units deployed in the East will choose to dig in and create strongpoints to meet the first echelon's charge."

And what would the outcome be? the Commonwealth commanders asked themselves. Answer: The Empire's main field army would be completely bogged down.

And what would happen next? Answer: Once supplies ran out, the isolated imperial units would be left surrounded, cut off from support, and unable to retreat.

Was there anything the Empire could do to escape this situation? Their only option now, perhaps, was to begin retreating as soon as the initial attack hit. Anything less than that, and by the time the Empire fully grasped what was happening, it would already be too late.

And once it was too late, the Federation would be able to advance at its own leisure. An extended charge, mowing down imperial field units as they went, much like the Imperial Army itself had done after eliminating the François Army's main force.

The men of the Commonwealth were forced to groan in despair. A bright, glittering future seemed to await them beneath the Rising Dawn.

However.

As unfair as it may be, the Empire had a cheat on its side, someone who already knew all the answers. Well-orchestrated cogs slipped ever so slightly out of place.

A small difference, the beating of a butterfly's wings, can change the entire world.

This is not an inspiring sentiment, however. War is hell, and the battlefield the fires of purgatory. It goes without saying, but God is nowhere to be found on the front line, despite what people might wish.

Trembling on the front lines, the soldiers of the Imperial Army were now learning that lesson all too well.

"Retreat?!" "N-now?! In the face of the enemy?!" "They want us to abandon our position?!" "Leave behind any heavy equipment that isn't ready to move?!" "Move immediately?!"

Retreating? While under enemy attack? Obviously, no officer worth their salt could help but question such a decision.

"That's madness!!"

The Imperial Army had already laid out how to respond in advance, hadn't they?! Obviously, something about this smelled off. The Imperial Army and everyone of its officers followed the same playbook. They all lived by the mantra of "When the enemy attacks, we hold fast." The strongpoints receiving the brunt of the enemy's offensive should focus on hunkering down, while friendly forces move in to flank the enemy from the rear.

It was how they had always achieved victory up until now, wasn't it? What they had been preparing to do again. For most soldiers, it was common knowledge.

And now, to turn all that upside down just as they found their heads on the chopping block? The term "ad hoc orders" might have an appealing ring to it, but troops have good reason to detest fickle behavior-even if, for instance, such orders happen to be the only correct choice when seen from a bird's-eye view.

At that moment on the ground, there was only one word on everyone's lips.

"This is insane! What are the higher-ups thinking?!"

Even commanders who had been around the block once or twice couldn't help but show surprise. After all, they were still clinging to the three-stage dream of static defense, waiting for a relief force to break through, and a final counterattack.

Everything was already in motion according to these long-held assumptions. Troops were already being withdrawn from forward outposts and moved to secondary defensive positions. They had started to hunker down to wait for relief, just as they had been taught.

Retreating now meant reversing that flow and wasting all the preparation they had put in place. It meant abandoning their safe strongholds.

Telling them to flee immediately was easy to say and hard to do. Did the higher-ups really think it was that easy? This was madness.

But there was no need to spit at heaven when the sky above their heads was already so foul. On the ground, they were surrounded, while up above, enemy aircraft filled the skies like extra cloud cover.

To make matters worse, Federation mages had begun appearing on the front. Screams of warning rose into the air as Federal mages ran roughshod over the troops, relying on their durable defensive shells to win the day. And the Imperial Army was expected to retreat...?

"Under these conditions?!"

At the moment, a soldier could likely tell the higher-ups to go shove it and not even face a court-martial.

Meanwhile, the front line was growing increasingly overrun. Routes of escape were closing off. The officers groaned in frustration, yet some accepted their orders and resigned themselves to becoming mere cogs in the machine. They began forcing the soldiers to move out, kicking and screaming, from what they had convinced themselves was safety. They began to withdraw.

And how were they thanked for such decisive action? With utter despair.

"Oh, dear God! Damn it! Why-why would you do this to us?!" Shivering in cold and fear, the retreating frontline soldiers turned their eyes toward the sky as they continued to march, far from anything resembling a road.

"We should be holing up in a nice, warm base right about now!" All it took was a single order for them to be kicked out into the bitter cold, trudging through deep snow in retreat. It was not the muddy season yet. The ground was frozen solid, their stockpiles were meager, and, worst of all, they were terrifyingly isolated.

It was always unpleasant for infantry to be out in the open. Retreating under such conditions was like attempting to wade through a blowout sale. Enemy aircraft filled the air above while enemy mages launched air strikes. Meanwhile, where were the friendly mages who were supposed to be providing air cover?

"Where have all the mages gone?" muttered one retreating soldier, the complaint leaving his lips as naturally as winter turns into spring, as day turns into night.

Not a trace of friendly mages-or aircraft-was to be found. All the while, the enemy continued to linger audaciously overhead! Who wouldn't cry out? There had to be some mistake.

"Those Air Fleet imbeciles! Those dipshits in the sky! How can they just sit on their asses at a time like this?!"

The more experienced the soldier, the angrier they became as they stared up at the sky. As veterans, they were fully aware of how dangerous the situation could become when the enemy had a monopoly on the sky. In some ways, it would have been better to just be surrounded.

As long as air superiority was maintained, a position under siege could hold out. Once the skies were closed off, however- If they had spotted anything friendly up there... If just one allied aircraft or aerial mage could break through, it would be enough to lend courage to the fleeing troops. Enough to convince them they had not been abandoned, at least not yet.

But though they glared accusingly at the sky, no imperial wings appeared. At this point, they would have even settled for seeing them in their dreams, but even that was apparently too much to ask.

"Curse them, curse them all!"

Their cries, and therefore their curses, went unheard.

Thus, even those imperial troops fortunate enough to choose retreat remained hounded by pursuit. Their nerves, frazzled by constant aerial harassment, could do nothing but run and hurl complaints.

This was the condition in which the Imperial Army currently found itself.

However, one thing had been achieved thanks to all these tears spilled upon the battlefield: Local air superiority had been secured.

The missing aerial mages-though the soldiers on the front line longed to see them again, even cursing their absence-were now flying across the eastern skies in pursuit of a single, indispensable goal.

A full division of mages.

These demons, flying at maximum combat speed, small yet singularly brutal specks in the eastern sky, are instruments of pure violence beyond compare. After being reduced to a purely theoretical force for so long, an aerial mage division has once again taken flight and bared its fearsome fangs.

The hastily assembled division is being deployed in three regiments to conduct air strikes in multiple locations at once. They carve a path through the sky, deep into enemy territory, intent on fulfilling their vital role as a makeshift strategic air force-a raiding unit operating on a scale not seen in the Imperial Army for some time.

The three regiments face their own issues. Although they are veterans, they have only been put together on the spot.

Their situation is uncertain, and perhaps because the front has been pushed back so far, they know little about the territory beyond its basic topography. It is shocking to think that they are only there to hit previously abandoned key supply points.

"Salamander 01...! Salamander 01, can you hear me?! Please respond! Please!"

I frown slightly as I hear someone shouting my call sign.

We are maintaining strict radio silence at the moment, so the best I can do is try to raise my voice or give a hand signal. It's a nightmare trying to control an entire regiment with only direct speech and hand signs.

I glance around, but fail to immediately identify who has called out. This makes sense. Our current altitude... is far too low to take a leisurely gander. With a whole regiment engaged in contour flight, we cannot afford to become distracted even for a moment- especially as we hurtle forward in formation, at full speed, with the expectation that combat could begin at any second. There's barely enough time to breathe.

All of this is to prevent the enemy from picking up on our signal, which could easily happen if we climbed higher. But this caution comes with its own significant price.

"Did more just go down?! How many this time?!" I say, sucking on my teeth mid-flight as I purposely climb higher to confirm.

A chunk of the rear guard must have fallen. There are gaping holes in our ranks and shadows on the ground below, suggesting a crash. An accident has clearly occurred.

"Damnit, we haven't even encountered enemies yet!" I mutter, executing a combat maneuver as I turn back toward the head of the formation. Just then, I notice my own wingman approaching from the side.

"Lieutenant Serebryakov?"

"Colonel, it seems like this is too much for them after all!" says First Lieutenant Serebryakov, her face serious and her voice hushed.

I barely have time to appreciate her discretion before answering softly, "I know, but it has to be done!"

Contour flight is incredibly challenging. Doing it with a full regiment of mages at combat speed, without prior coordination training... I might as well tell them to fly the trapeze.

Even I am not finding it easy, I have to admit.

However, it is necessary-even if I do know that flying nap-of-theearth, hugging the contours and folds of the terrain while hurtling through the night sky toward our destination at top combat speed, and without the aid of GPS, is just asking for collisions.

"Ah! Not again?! Another crash?!" shouts First Lieutenant Serebryakov.

I click my tongue in frustration. A split-second mistake has resulted in another mage maneuvering poorly and clipping the ground, though at least their defensive shell was up.

It looks like they're still moving, at least for a moment. It's impossible to tell whether they are alive or dead.

"We haven't even entered enemy territory yet! Make sure that everyone who crashed maintains strict radio silence! If they can't make their way back, have them wait until our scheduled time of attack before unseating their magic and returning to base!" I say, shouting orders as I fly.

I scratch my head briefly in frustration.

"Almost there, almost there..."

A quick calculation in my head confirms the unit's position based on charted flight time and astronomical observations. If we continue on heading at this speed, we should cross paths with enemy lines of communication before long. Then, all we need to do is attack.

If the Federation has large truck convoys coming to replenish its first echelon and bring fuel to the front for its second echelon, they must be relying quite a bit on decent roads.

Thankfully, it shouldn't be long before we find the enemy.

I search the area desperately, poring over the terrain with eagle eyes as I turn the situation over in my head. We are looking for enemy supply units. If we can just hit those, the Federation Army's size will be their downfall.

"That's why we have to attack their rear. But still..."

I know I am asking the impossible of the mages.

Of course, no one from Tanya's own 203rd Aerial Mage Battalion has crashed, but two pairs from another battalion-and half of another company, practically new recruits-have already gone down. The number of near misses, meanwhile, is staggering. Is this really worth so much sacrifice and risk?

That's up to the laws of war to decide.

## JANUARY 15, UNIFIED YEAR 1928, SKY ABOVE THE IMPERIAL CAPITAL

War is wasteful, war is illogical. And yet.

If anyone were to ask Lieutenant Grantz whether the soldiers stationed in the rear were governed by logic, the exasperated First Lieutenant Grantz was quite certain of how he would answer.

"What is wrong with these people?! Did they forget their brains somewhere?!"

Grantz was running out of patience. He needed to deliver this message!

Grantz had just carried out a madcap flight all the way from the East, only to collide headfirst with a preposterous wall of bureaucratic stupidity upon entering the capital's air defense identification zone.

"Unidentified traffic, this is Capital Air Defense Control. Lower your altitude immediately and de-arm. I say again, lower your altitude immediately and de-arm."

If this repeated warning was supposed to be a joke, First Lieutenant Grantz was not laughing. He frowned, feeling as if he were stuck in a bad dream.

"This is Mage First Lieutenant Warren Grantz with the 203rd Aerial Mage Battalion reporting directly to the General Staff. I am currently en route to the capital from the East, with strict orders to deliver a message."

First Lieutenant Grantz's response showed remarkable restraint for an officer returning from the front-one who was not only being intercepted by a friendly patrol but was also being subjected to painful amounts of red tape. Grantz's patience, however, was not rewarded.

"We are unable to confirm any such eastern army call sign, unidentified traffic. I say again, we are unable to confirm an eastern army call sign."

"Of course you aren't," Grantz shouted back. "That's because my battalion is under the General Staff!! Why in the hell would I have an eastern army call sign?!"

"We are unable to confirm. Unidentified traffic, I say again, this is Capital Air Defense Control. Please comply with directions from intercepting personnel, lower your altitude, and de-arm. Control will confirm your identity."

"Confirm whatever you want, just hurry up and approve my flight path...!"

"Unidentified traffic, I say again, immediately lower your altitude as directed and de-arm."

"I'm on a top-priority mission!!"

They weren't listening. Grantz didn't like it, but it looked as though he had no choice.

"Unidentified unit identifying as First Lieutenant Grantz, this is Capital Air Defense Control. This is your final warning. Lower your altitude immediately and de-arm within the specified perimeter. I say again, lower your altitude immediately, or you will be intercepted as a bogey."

"And I say again, this is a priority mission! I'm carrying a message for the General Staff!!"

"Allow us to check your orders. For all we know, you could be a deserter."

"Are you serious?!"

Now they were accusing him of desertion?! Ridiculous! First Lieutenant Grantz was starting to lose his temper. He struggled to keep his tone in check as he shouted back, "You morons! Who the hell is running things over there?!"

He quickly raised his altitude to buy some time. It looked like his choices were to either surrender or force his way through. This was unbelievable. What should he do? Was it even up to him at this point?

Grantz wished he could just have a moment to figure things out, but the patrolling unit was already heading his way.

Grantz climbed higher-a habit acquired on the front line-but that probably only confirmed the patrol unit's suspicions, making it appear as if he was preparing to fight, or was a deserter after all.

Maybe he should just go with them so the situation didn't get any worse, but Grantz wasn't sure. Getting bogged down in bureaucratism right now could prove disastrous.

There was always the chance that some magic officer worth their salt at Capital Air Defense Control would help smooth things over, but how many solid, reliable officers were left these days? First Lieutenant Grantz fretted over what to do. Should he gamble on that possibility, or... Until, eventually, he realized he was still worried despite how much time had passed.

"You're kidding me..."

Apparently no one from the intercepting unit had climbed to 8, 000 along with him. In fact... weren't they flying too low, even for a patrol? Glancing down, Grantz spotted the amateurs still awkwardly treading air far below.

"This is what passes for Capital Air Defense these days?!" Capital Air Defense-a bombastic name that clashed with the sad reality.

As for flight speed... the patrol's current pace would have been sluggish, even for cruising. At first, First Lieutenant Grantz had assumed their low speed and lackluster altitude were due to their patrol assignment, but he now saw that wasn't the case.

"This can't be..."

Was this the best they could do? These were supposed to be imperial aerial mages, the staunch defenders of capital airspace?! "This has got to be a joke!" Grantz shouted reflexively.

As Grantz observed the patrol more calmly, he began to realize that his fears were likely founded. However, that did not make it any easier to believe.

"This is the squad meant to intercept me? Look at them, flopping around like fish in the air." First Lieutenant Grantz sighed with the weariness of a veteran. "Are they sending troops like this into battle?"

They might as well be sending up target dummies, free notches for the enemy's kills. Even Federation mages would probably be more useful. At least Federation orbs, with their tough defensive shells, had better survivability.

Grantz realized that these soldiers were likely not going to listen to reason. And while he might not have been fully aware of it himself, Grantz was still, for what it was worth, a good person.

A dedicated military man, or even a skilled rationalizer, would

However, Grantz still had too much humanity left to do such a thing. Loyalty to the mission vied with common sense and decency. He understood how important his mission was, but that didn't mean he had to feel good about it.

Please, God- But just as Grantz began praying to providence, it seemed providence intervened.

"Hello? Come in?! Come in?! Can you hear me?"

## IN THE HISTORY BOOKS...

There are two histories.

The history of the West, and the history of the East.

Both begin from the same point. Once upon a time, during the great war, when threatened by the powerful and nefarious Empire, a great alliance came together to overcome their differences in the name of universality and to face the Empire with a united front.

The conclusions of these two histories are also much the same. Good worked together to triumph over evil, leading to a happy ending.

The episodes that occur along the way, however, bear only surface similarities.

An impartial historian must forever strive to discern which of these two opinions is most factual. The mountain of documents and testimonials available to a reader contains countless lies, biases, and mistaken perceptions, along with the tiniest slivers of truth.

Even when dealing with contemporary testimonials, one can never be certain whether the witnesses in question were reliable narrators. There is no shortage of liars in this world, but the truth of the matter (shocking to the layman but a common tragedy to the dedicated researcher) is that it is extremely rare for even a truthful narrator's testimony to be entirely accurate.

The reason is quite simple: human memory is astonishingly unreliable. Very few people are capable of remembering the past as it happened.

Do you imagine yourself any different? Then try it for yourself. Remember: What did you have for dinner one week ago? One month ago? Three months ago? Assuming you can easily remember what you had for dinner-perhaps because you eat the same things at the same time every day-can you recall how many times you chewed at each meal? What the weather was like, including the temperature and humidity?

If you can fully recall such details outside of a controlled environment, then you are the perfect witness-a prosecutor's wet dream.

Unfortunately, the majority of humans are not capable of such a feat. It's already quite uncommon for most to even remember the meal itself.

Yes, I can hear the objection. What about less mundane events? Dinner may be forgettable, but what if it was a birthday cake? What if it was something unusual that the person was eating for the first time?

Even then, however, the details would likely remain shaky. Even when the gist of a testimonial is correct, it is difficult to entirely eliminate any discrepancies.

But even given this proviso, the differences between the histories of the West and the East... go far beyond reasonable discrepancy and lapses of memory.

A prime example is the difference between the Western and Eastern interpretations of events that unfolded from the end of 1927 to early 1928.

On October 16, 1927, Ildoa and the Unified States formed an "armed neutrality alliance" to establish "a guarantee of security in light of their mutual duty of neutrality, as regards maintaining world peace and the safety of neutral countries in the face of the current war."

The Imperial Army's response to this alliance was clear. One month later, on November 11, 1927, the Empire's forces marshalled on the Ildoan peninsula and began advancing southward at lightning speed. The Ildoan Army was almost completely demolished by the Empire's strategic surprise attack, and by November 22, both armies had agreed to a ceasefire. For one week, a strange calm ensued until, in an unusual development, fighting recommenced and the Ildoan capital was temporarily occupied in an event dubbed "Zettour's Champagne Fete."

Another unexpected turn of events came that Christmas.

The capital was suddenly liberated on Christmas Day, thanks to an electrifying counterattack by the Alliance armies. The battle for the Ildoan capital, which shocked the world, ended just a month later with the Imperial Army exhausting its offensive capabilities and retreating toward northern Ildoa.

Both the West and the East agree, thus far, on the facts. Their disagreement is over what follows.

Just as the Alliance armies were planning a further counterattack -tying up the Imperial Army's strategic reserves in northern Ildoa- the Federation Army launched its awe-inspiring January 1928 offensive known as Operation Rising Dawn.

The Imperial Army was a master of interior line strategies and boasted tactical superiority on all fronts. The Alliance armies had to fight while contending with exterior lines, which more than adequately displayed their own strategic prowess as well as their high degree of coordination. It seemed like the Empire was sure to fall.

In the end, however, the Federation Army's Rising Dawn failed to achieve results.

From where did the division among the allies ensue?

Was it the Federation's request for the opening of a second front? The Western historical perspective on this matter is brusque. Alliance forces fulfilled the Federation's request with faith and alacrity. Sixty imperial divisions were drawn to Ildoa, locking down the allimportant armoured divisions in the north of Ildoa. Additionally, despite being already engaged in fierce fighting on the Ildoan front, a large number of weapons and munitions-resources that their own forces could have used-were lend-leased to the Federation at its request. According to the West, full and total logistic support was provided for what should have been a decisive strike against the Empire's deserted Eastern Front.

There is even a vein in Western thinking that, had Rising Dawn not failed due to tactical ineptitude on the part of Federation Army, the war would have been decided in a single stroke.

But even those who do not place as much emphasis on the Federation's failures generally agree that even though the Federation Army had the perfect opportunity to attack when the Imperial Army transferred much of its main force to Ildoa, the New Year's offensive still failed to achieve its goals due to "Zettour's sorcery." As a result, the efforts of Alliance armies in Ildoa, who had been holding down a great portion of the Imperial Army's main force in Ildoa, came to naught... or so the common interpretation goes.

The Eastern historical perspective, while similar in many ways, could not be more different in others.

For starters, the Federation Army's Stavka did not agree that Alliance forces in Ildoa did enough to open a second front. Secondly, although the Federation was cooperating, it was the West that needed to be rescued.

According to the history books of the East, Ildoa found itself in the Empire's jaws, and the Western powers, including the Commonwealth and the Unified States, were unable to provide adequate support. Thus, in order to save their allies from this predicament, the Federation moved the starting date of Rising Dawn forward despite knowing that doing so was disadvantageous for them.

According to Eastern history books, by taking Ildoa hostage, the Empire created a situation in which the Federation Army was forced to act before conditions were favorable. The Federation did what needed to be done, but was undermined by its allies.

In this way, both the West and the East have used sophisticated rhetoric to tell a tale of their choosing. However, in comparing what each side has chosen to emphasize, many common facts can still be found.

For instance, as of November 1927, the Imperial Army's powerful armoured divisions were primarily deployed in Ildoa, and the concentrated first-class divisions injected into Ildoa had largely been pulled from the Eastern Front.

The fact that this force was drawn away from the East must have been due to the powerful initiative and daring command of General Zettour, who boasted impressive influence in the Empire at that time.

However, opinion is divided on the exact number that was withdrawn.

According to the West, the number was absolute, accounting for nearly all of the Empire's strategic reserves, including their armoured divisions. The East, meanwhile, highly underestimates the number withdrawn, insisting that only a few armoured units were drawn away from the Eastern Front.

Even now, the true figure remains a point of contention. In recent years, it has been pointed out that, according to public documents, there is a possibility that the true number of divisions the Imperial Army deployed in Ildoa may have been fewer than thirty... however this, too, has sparked heated debate.

The question, of course, is whether a mere thirty imperial divisions could have really held out against Ildoan forces, which had mobilized as many as 140 divisions-not to mention the Unified States, which deployed more than twenty divisions in Ildoa. This is in addition to reinforcements from the Commonwealth and Free Republic.

Regardless of the fact that the Alliance armies managed to recapture the royal Ildoan capital, the Empire still had a firm grasp upon-that is to say, had invaded and were firmly encamped within -northern Ildoa.

Which begs a very logical question: As great as General Zettour may have been, could such a feat have truly been accomplished with just thirty divisions? And yet... several pieces of corroborating evidence have surfaced in recent years suggesting that the Imperial

Army could not have had more than twenty-five divisions, only further inflaming this debate.

If the twenty-five-division theory is true, that would mean that the Imperial Army managed to hold the Ildoan line at a force ratio of 1: 6. It would also indicate that the supposed interior lines strategy of transferring sixty divisions from the East never happened, which in turn makes it impossible to refute the Federation's official historical account that they fought the Empire's eastern army at almost full strength and still managed to seriously wear down the Empire's field army.

However, there is also contradicting documentation that flies in the face of all such assertions: a surviving record indicating that, at the time, Imperial Eastern Army Command made repeated requests to the Imperial General Staff Office-pleas that, unless strategic reserves were returned to the East, the current defensive line would collapse.