## My Team

### TESSIA ERALITH

Arriving at my room, I jumped into bed, my hands covering my burning face, and gave soft shrieks of delight as I rolled back and forth across my sheets. I couldn't stop giggling. Art finally kissed me. He kissed me!

Unable to calm down, I wrapped myself in my blanket as I rolled around. The image of him leaning forward to kiss me filled my head, forcing my lips to curve up. It felt different than when I'd kissed him. I couldn't quite explain it, but it was definitely a better feeling.

"I could get used to this..." I muttered aloud as I softly rubbed my lips. I rolled across my bed again in embarrassment as I replayed the event in my mind.

I began to imagine what our wedding would be like. I wanted it to be super pretty. I wonder how our kids would look? Arthur was good-looking and I wasn't ugly either. It should be fine. But in order to have kids, we would need to...

I could almost feel steam coming out of my ears as I imagined it. I mean, I had learned about how babies were born from my home tutor but...

No, no no no-it's too early! And besides, Arthur said he wanted me to give him some time. I wondered what he meant by that. Did he mean we were going to act like tonight never happened?

I didn't want that. But if he did, was I allowed to get mad at him for it? Was I being too hard on him? I knew he had my best interests at heart, but I couldn't be so wishy-washy about this.

What if another girl really did end up liking him, too, and he chose her? I was just a violent, spoiled girl, after all; why would he choose me?

The more I thought about it, the more disheartened I became. It's okay, Tess, I told myself reassuringly. We're both still really young. Even if it does take time, I'm sure it'll work out eventually.

Gah! Stop discouraging yourself and let's just sleep, Tess!

### ARTHUR LEYWIN

I'd been getting used to having Sylvie wake me up. Usually a loud mental shout was enough to rouse me, but today she woke me up with a sharp bite on my nose.

"Kyu!"

I groaned as I sat up, rubbing my throbbing nose as Sylvie went back to sleep, her job complete. She seemed to be a lot more active at night, and she took frequent naps throughout the day.

After washing up, I looked at Elijah, still breathing loudly in his sleep while I had to wake up so early.

We couldn't have that now, could we?

"Good morning!" I slapped my sleeping roommate on his behind.

"Ah! What? Huh? What's going on?" Apparently, the sudden impact made him panic-he immediately assumed a defensive position with his right hand straight out, ready to fire at his attacker.

"Nothing. Just saying good morning." I shrugged, strapping the knife onto my disciplinary committee uniform.

"Ugh, I have another two hours before class starts. You woke me up just to say good morning?" Elijah groaned as he wrapped himself into a makeshift cocoon of blankets.

"Yup! I'm off to my first disciplinary committee meeting."

I was taking one last look around to make sure I wasn't forgetting anything when Elijah popped his head out from the blanket.

"Did something good happen? You're a little bit too happy. It's unsettling." Elijah squinted his slightly puffy eyes, though I couldn't tell if he was studying me or just trying to focus his vision, since he wasn't wearing his glasses.

"You're just imagining things, Elijah," I said with a light chuckle, quickly lacing my boots before heading toward the door.

"Suspicious..." he mumbled before succumbing to his body's demands to go back to sleep.

Making sure no one was around, I jumped off the building, using wind augmentation to cushion my landing. Sylvie just floated down; she looked silly to me, with her oversized ears flopping against the wind.

She landed on top of my head with a soft plop, and I took some time to test my body out with some stretches. I couldn't say I was in great condition, but the improvement since yesterday made me nod in satisfaction. It was times like these that I really felt the effects of going through the assimilation of Sylvia's dragon will.

Which reminded me-I still had to help Tess with her assimilation. How was I supposed to act around her anyway? I couldn't believe I'd kissed her yesterday.

Even in my past life, I'd never gone past the point of kissing, and it had always been the other party who had initiated even that. I'd never had an interest in falling in love-in fact, I feared love. I even avoided the prospect of unattached sexual relationships because I feared that the start of a physical relationship could lead to emotional attachments. I had secluded myself, focusing solely on my training except for the occasional public appearances and fights. I made sure there was no one I held in importance, no one who could be used as a tool against me.

What I'd learned most from this world wasn't the magic or the fighting. No, this life had forced me to open up my calloused heart and al low people to matter to me. This also meant I had to be stronger than my past self, since I had people to protect this time.

Lost in my thoughts, I almost passed by the disciplinary committee's meeting room. The DC had access to one of the bigger rooms in the academy so it could double as a training room. I was a bit late since I had woken up a little later than expected, but it wasn't too loud so I hoped I wasn't the last one there.

As I opened the door, Curtis flew past and crashed into the wall next to me with a thud.

"Still too weak." I saw Theodore Maxwell's disappointed face, his right fist raised.

"Ah, Arthur! You're here!" Claire Bladeheart, who was closely watching the duel from the side, waved at me.

Curtis grunted from his position on the floor. "I can't believe I still can't land even a single hit on you, Theodore. Oh, hey Arthur." He glanced up at me as he rubbed his back.

"Do you need help?" I offered my hand while Sylvie wagged her tail, but Curtis just shook his head.

"No, I'm okay. Besides, the duel isn't over yet."

Curtis grimaced as he got back to his feet and picked up his sword to resume the duel, and I took a seat next to Claire on one of the couches to watch them.

"Hah!" Curtis had augmented his sword in a blazing fire, and now he charged. Just as he was about to get in range of Theodore, he side stepped, leaving a charred footstep behind before appearing on Theodore's right.

Theodore reacted almost immediately, lifting his brawny right arm at an uncanny speed. "Fall!"

Curtis's assault failed and he crumbled to his knees, his sword landing heavily on the ground in front of Theodore.

Theodore had a smirk on his face, but it soon vanished as he realized Curtis's plan.

"Explode!" Curtis shouted in a strained voice.

The sword-which wasn't burning, but glowing a dim red-shone brighter until finally flames exploded in all directions.

Claire peered into the smoke, apparently assuming both the sword and Theodore were there. I tapped her shoulder and gestured for her to look up.

Theodore was in the air, his arms a bit burned and steaming but other wise unharmed. Using gravity magic on himself, he floated slowly down as he prepared his next spell.

Curtis was back on his feet with his sword in hand, also preparing an other spell. Grawder was restlessly swinging his tail on the other side of the room.

"All right, I think it's time to stop." Claire stood up and clapped her hands, but neither one of the combatants seemed to even hear her speak. She sighed in exasperation. "Kai, care to help me?" Claire glanced back at the narrow-eyed, smiling man.

"Got it, Boss." Kai's sleeves covered his arms so I didn't know what he had hidden, but with a swing of his arms, thin metal strings shot out toward Theodore and Curtis, forming a makeshift metal fence between them.

Even after augmenting my eyes, I couldn't make out any specific elemental attribute in his skill, making me wonder exactly what he could do.

Both Curtis and Theodore abandoned their spells and turned their heads toward Kai in confusion.

"Boss's orders. Let's stop the duel now, shall we, gentlemen?" Kai's smiling face remained unchanged as he retracted the strings back into his sleeves.

"What did Kai do just there?" I asked Claire, who was shaking her head at Curtis and Theodore.

"No one really knows. He keeps it a secret, and from what I can tell, there isn't any specific elemental attribute in his mana when he uses his skills," she responded.

"Have you taken an interest in me, Arthur?" Kai came up behind me, leaning his head forward past my shoulder so his smiling face was right next to mine.

"Hardly. Only a bit curious as to what you just did there. It didn't seem like you were manipulating metal, or using sound to control the metal strings," I said, pushing his face away.

"So cold. I'd tell you but, unfortunately, if I did, I'd have to kill you," he replied nonchalantly.

I raised a brow. "Oh? Is that a threat?" I challenged.

Apparently realizing that the conversation was taking a turn for the worse, Claire butted in.

"Looks like we're still missing quite a few people. Feyrith, Kathyln, and Doradrea still aren't here-ah, there they are!" she said, pushing us both toward the door.

Feyrith was having a little quarrel with Doradrea about something, and Kathyln was behind them. I raised my hand to wave at Kathyln but as soon as our eyes met, she turned her head away and walked off in another direction.

"Ah, Arthur, my rival! Have you healed? I believe we still need to duel, but I think it would be better to hold off on that until after I finish working on a spell I've been practising. Not because I'm scared to lose to you or anything, just giving you more time to recover." Feyrith came up beside me, putting his arm on my shoulder with a hearty laugh.

"Now that everyone is here, I'd like you all to come sit down so we can start the meeting." Claire ushered us toward the round table on the second floor.

The lower level of the room was a wide area with all sorts of equipment and an arena for practice matches. A couple of couches provided seating for the spectators. To one side, a flight of stairs led to a second-floor balcony that overlooked the lower level. The second floor was furnished with a chalkboard, some cabinets, and a big, oval table with eight seats.

Claire sat at the very end of the table, the chalkboard behind her, while Kai and Theodore sat to her right and left. I didn't know if there was an assigned seating arrangement, so I remained standing and waited for everyone else to sit down first. On Kai's side sat Curtis and Feyrith, while Doradrea and Kathyln sat on Theodore's side. The only seat left was directly opposite Claire, so I settled in and waited for the meeting to commence, my early-morning drowsiness slowly overtaking my body.

I watched Sylvie, who had hopped off my head and was playing with Grawder, until our leader began talking.

"This is the first meeting with everyone present, and today is the day we will actively start duty," Claire announced in a serious voice. "Al though this is the first year this committee has existed, I've been working with Director Goodsky and our student council president on how we should efficiently structure and run the disciplinary committee to create an environment that will not tolerate bullying, dissented duels, or intruders. To accomplish this, we have decided to split the disciplinary committee into two teams.

"These two teams will be divided into underclassmen and upperclassmen. The upperclassmen-Theodore, Curtis, Kai, and myself-will split into pairs and watch over the campus in the morning while we don't have classes. The underclassmen-Kathyln, Feyrith, Doradrea and Arthur-will also form two teams and monitor the campus in the afternoon, while the upperclassmen have classes." Claire began writing our names on the board, grouped into the teams she had already decided on.

I raised my hand, but Claire already knew what I was about to say and interjected.

"Since Arthur is taking both upper and lower division classes, he will be waived from that duty. However, he is to be on standby at all times in case backup is needed. Also, I've received permission from Director Goodsky to allow you to be ten minutes late to your classes, so take your time between classes and be on the lookout for any trouble." She smiled in satisfaction as I put my arm back down.

"That being said, I've already considered the matter of which of the underclassmen will be scouting the campus alone, and Kathyln has volunteered to take on this task. Kathyln, remember that even though the upperclassmen are in class, we will still be available to assist you. If you're caught in a situation that you're not confident you can handle

by yourself, call for help." The princess nodded, but Curtis wore a slight look of concern on his face.

Feyrith raised his hand. "How are we going to communicate with each other?"

"If you imagine any member of the disciplinary committee while placing your hand on the insignia on the sheath of your knife, the recipient t's knife will emit a bright light and a soft shock, notifying them of who is in trouble. Each of our knives has a distinct color, so remember them well." As Claire announced this, she began listing the different colors of our DC knives next to our names:

Claire - Pink Kai - Silver Theodore - Yellow Feyrith - Green Doradrea - Dark Red Curtis - Red Kathyln - Blue Arthur - Black

I wondered what a black light would look like. Everyone else's colors were straightforward, and corresponded with their elements for the most part. I assumed Feyrith got green because he was an elf.

"The last matter of business is surveillance at night. I know this might be a bit too much for one person so we'll be taking turns in pairs with this task." Our leader looked around to see if there were any disagreements.

"Can I volunteer to take my sister's shift as well? Call me overprotective, but I'm not comfortable knowing Kathyln might be in danger while I'm fast asleep," Curtis said. He seemed to be avoiding my eye. "Are you sure you can handle that, Curtis? It's going to be tough doing two people's shifts at night," Claire asked.

I looked over at Kathyln; she seemed to want to interject, but she kept her thoughts to herself.

"Kathyln is my partner for night duties, right? I can do it by myself," I said, knowing the real reason Curtis wanted to take over her shift-he was afraid I would make a move on her. I could sort of understand from his perspective, being an older brother myself.

"You don't have to..." Kathyln said, but I could tell she was conflicted and didn't know how to finish her sentence.

"Hmm... Well, since Kathyln is scouting by herself during the after noon, I think that would be fair. Okay, I'll allow it, but Arthur, Kathyln, I can already tell you two are the type to try and handle things on your own. However, as the leader, I'm ordering you both to call for help immediately, as soon as you think you need it." She leaned forward on the table, stating her instructions in a firm voice. "Got it," I promised. Kathyln nodded.

"Now, since all the practical matters are settled, you guys are free to leave, or you can stay here and practice until classes start. The room will always be open for DC members, so think of this as your second home. I've already camped here for a couple of nights myself." Claire laughed.

That was a relief. I could get a little less than an hour of sleep before my first class started. The couches on the lower floor looked perfect for a power nap.

Curtis gave me a pat on the back before he headed down, but as I turned to follow him, I felt a tug on the waist of my pants from be hind.

"Let's spar for a bit, pretty boy. I've sparred with everyone else here but you." Doradrea shot me an excited grin as she dragged me down the stairs toward the designated sparring arena.

"I'm still not fully healed, Doradrea. I don't think this is the best idea," I groaned as she dragged me along.

"Stop being a baby. The best way to get rid of that soreness is to move around, don't you know?" She finally let me go and walked over to the other side of the arena.

Claire walked toward us, giving me an apologetic look. It seemed like she was about to intervene, but then Theodore walked past her and approached Doradrea, who was stretching.

"Move it," he growled.

"Aww, no fair," Doradrea grumbled as she slumped her shoulders, dis appointed.

Great. A muscular male replaces my muscular female opponent.

Claire sighed in defeat. "All right, but Arthur is injured so this will only go on for a minute. Let me activate the barrier this time, so we don't have any more cracked walls."

Sylvie was riding on top of Grawder, and asked if I'd be okay. I just nodded in response as the rest of the DC members all got situated around the arena. I might be injured, but I was excited-I had wanted to duel against Theodore as well. I figured fighting against deviants might help me learn a thing or two.

"Anything you want to say before we start?" Theodore asked, cracking his neck.

"Sure. Can I call you Theo if I win? It's only fair for me to give you a nickname since you already gave me one, right?" I shot him a smirk while I stretched my still-aching body.

I could see veins bulging on his forehead as everyone's faces twisted in horror.

"You sure are full of yourself, twerp. Fine, but when I win, you're going to be my little minion for the rest of your school life." He smiled confidently.

"Remember, this duel will last one minute or until someone lands the first hit. That's final!" Claire barked, her hand resting on the pommel of her sheathed sword.

We both nodded in understanding, then Claire signalled for the duel to begin.

Theodore immediately took off, charging at me like a frenzied bull. I augmented my body using wind-attribute mana to skirt around the arena, keeping my distance. Theodore's gravity magic wasn't something to take lightly; his powers had simultaneous offensive and defensive features.

Though it usually took a bit longer to use earth magic while using wind magic, I was able to muster up shards of earth the size of my leg in time to kick them at Theodore. I shot out the shards of earth at different lengths, to gauge how far he was able to use his gravity manipulation.

Theodore didn't seem to get what I was doing, and he kept charging at me, seeming to grow more and more frustrated that I was running away and kicking rocks at him.

"Do you think I'll let you keep running around?" he roared as the rocks I had kicked toward him all began to float.

Theodore thrust himself toward me while reducing the gravity around him, increasing his speed tremendously.

Holding in a smile, I put my plan into action. Manipulating the earth around me one last time, I launched a boulder the size of my body and jumped away from my opponent.

With the decreased gravity field surrounding him, Theodore easily smacked the boulder and sent it flying up over him, but during the brief moment when his vision was blocked by the rock, I dashed for ward.

Summoning wind to condense below my feet, I shot toward Theodore at a speed that caught him by surprise.

Using Draft Step-a technique I had thought up, drawing inspiration from the flicker step technique-I accelerated toward him with the help of the strong gale behind me.

Theodore clenched his fist. "Fall," he snarled. The sudden change in gravity knocked the wind out of me, and I had to fight to keep my body from slamming into the ground.

With a victorious grin on his wild, unshaven face, he took one last step to get in range for the final blow, but I shot him a smirk and pointed upward.

The boulder Theodore had knocked away fell directly on top of him from the abrupt change in gravity. The rock, significantly heavier due to the increased gravity, flattened Theodore flat on his stomach in an almost comical position.

" Stop! "

Claire stepped in between the two of us to make sure Theodore was okay. He had already regained consciousness and shoved the rock off of himself, and was silently dusting off his uniform. He would probably have a nasty bruise on his back, but his mana-enhanced body had allowed him to avoid any serious injury-the rock wasn't too big, after all.

"Good duel, Theo." I walked up to him and patted him on the shoulder before bouncing out of the room, Sylvie trotting behind me. Let's go find a bench to take a nap on, I sent to Sylvie.

62

## Baby Steps

"Have you had a chance to think about what we discussed yester day?" I sat on top of the podium so I could get a better view of the class.

I'd slept through most of my Fundamentals of Mana Manipulation class, so I felt a lot better. Looking around from where I sat at the cen ter of the stage, I saw my students glance desperately at each other in hopes that one of them had the answers to the questions I had asked them yesterday.

"Looks like there's no choice but for me to answer the question," Feyrith sighed as he stood up. "The mana core is an excellent way to easily and accurately measure the level of the mage's power, because it correlates to how much effort and time that mage has spent on condensing and refining mana from their surroundings into their core." He finished off with a toss of his head and took his seat.

"No." I hopped off the stage and walked toward the shocked Feyrith. "It certainly is an easy way to gauge the mage's power, but it's far from accurate." I turned my gaze to the princess sitting next to the embarrassed elf. "Princess Kathyln, if you see an ordinary fighter who stands six foot six and weighs almost three hundred pounds of solid muscle, what is your assessment of that fighter?"

"I can expect the fighter to have robust strength," she said, after pondering the question.

"Correct. All we can say is that he is probably freakishly strong. But that doesn't tell us anything else about his combat ability. Yes, he's strong, but in order to be a great combatant, other factors are needed, such as agility, technique, mental fortitude, experience, etcetera. The stage of a mage's mana core only shows how much 'muscle' he or she has, but it doesn't offer much information regarding the other factors. Refining your mana core to higher stages is still important, of course, but if that's the only factor you use to gauge your opponent's power, you're setting yourself up for defeat." I saw some students start jotting down notes so I paused and caught my breath.

The pretentious student with glasses raised her hand after she finished writing down her notes. "Question!"

"Yes?"

"If the opponent's mana core isn't an accurate way of gauging his or her level, what do we do?" she asked. Her expression made it seem as if she was testing me.

"You assume that the opponent is stronger than you. Gauging a person 's mana core stage can be used to satiate your curiosity, but nothing beyond that. Even if sensing the mana core level could accurately gauge a person's fighting strength, what are you going to do if your opponent's strength is lower than yours? Go easy on him? Pick on him because you know you'll win? And what do you do if his fighting strength is higher than yours-run away? Chances are, if you're in a situation where both of you are actively sensing each other's mana cores, then running away won't be an option.

"Being overconfident because your mana core is higher than your opponent's can make you careless, and being scared because your opponent's mana core is higher than yours can make you feel hopeless. Bot tom line is, life isn't so simple that you can accurately know whether or not you can beat someone based on the color of their mana core. Al ways assume the opponent is stronger than you, and try your best. If that opponent is weaker than you, then you put an end to the fight quickly to save him the humiliation. If that opponent is stronger, congratulations, you've overcome the mental limit you have been holding onto all your life." I felt more like an inspirational speaker than a lecturer.

I walked back to the podium, where Sylvie was now taking a nap, and continued speaking.

"Now, for the next piece of homework. Any of you figure out what I did last class with the two wind spells?" I asked, leaning back against the podium.

A hollow silence filled the room.

I sighed. Being spoon-fed answers all their lives seemed to have really taken a toll on their critical thinking skills.

"I'll do a little demonstration for the augmenters' answer first." Rolling Sylvie to the side, I took out two pieces of paper from under neath her. I crumpled one of the papers into a small ball and showed it to the class.

"Watch." I put the ball on my right palm and inhaled deeply, building the suspense. Expelling all the air in my lungs with a fwoo, I managed to blow the crumpled ball of paper about a yard away from me. The students stared at me, their faces blank at the anticlimactic out come.

Holding up a hand for silence, I rolled the other piece of paper into a makeshift tube. I retrieved the ball and packed it tightly into the back end of the tube, then inhaled deeply one more time.

With another strong breath, the crumpled ball of paper shot out more than fifteen feet in front of me before bouncing along the ground. The faces of some of the students lit up in understanding, while others voiced their surprise. I grinned as the students began to brighten up and take notes. Princess Kathyln scribbled furiously in her notebook, while Feyrith stared blankly at the ball of paper on the ground.

"Many of you seem to understand what I just did, so can one of you please enlighten the rest of the class?" I asked as I picked up the paper.

A timid girl with a huge spear next to her responded in a hushed tone, saying, "It has to do with concentrating mana into a small point, then compressing it and shooting it out. Right, Professor?"

"Correct. Augmenters are trained to use their many mana channels, and we do so unconsciously for many of our spells, diluting them. It doesn't matter so much for a spell you are using on your body, but a long-range spell will be weakened greatly." I demonstrated by widening the paper tube. When I blew through the end, the ball inside plopped weakly to the floor in front of me.

"It'll be hard to get used to at first, but being able to better control your mana channels will help you greatly. Now, the conjurers' turn." I picked up the crumpled piece of paper again.

"Since conjurers naturally have fewer mana channels than mana veins, they naturally shoot their spells in a compressed form, whether it's out of their body directly or by affecting an area at a distance and having the mana alter it into the form of their desired spell. What conjurers need to do is utilize the amount of raw mana they can absorb to compensate for their lack of mana channels. Close your eyes and try to imagine this." The students looked at one another, confused, but they all closed their eyes nonetheless, waiting for my next instructions.

"Imagine your bodies to be pools of water. We'll say that particles of mana are leaves. For an augmenter's body, picture small bundles of leaves being dropped in various locations over the pool. These bundles may be small, but because there are so many they begin to spread and join the other leaves until the surface of the water is covered in leaves. That is the essence of body enhancement for an augmenter.

"Now, for conjurers, imagine just one gigantic ball of leaves drops into the pool of water. Because it comes from a single location, it may take longer to spread, but in the end, the leaves will still be able to cover the surface of the pool. That is how body enhancement should work for conjurers." The class remained silent as they opened their eyes and pondered the information.

"The reason all you conjurers injured yourselves while trying to absorb the spell you conjured is because you didn't use the mana from your core. The only mana you're completely immune to is what's been refined in your mana core. Even that, after your mana influences the environment into a spell, can hurt you. Therefore, conjurers need to utilize both mana from the atmosphere and from their mana core for a spell and integrate it into their body, or drop the big pile of leaves to make it spread over the pool of water." When I finished explaining, I motioned for the students to come down onto the stage and start practising. For the rest of the class, I went around helping them, giving them little tips on how to better visualize what they needed to do.

When the bell rang, Sylvie stirred awake and hopped on top of my head as I dismissed class. I was surprised to overhear some students grumbling that the class was too short.

I took the long route to my next class to take up more time while I did a broad surveillance. I experimented with sending out very faint pulses of wind, thinking I could use it as a sort of three-dimensional radar, but it proved not to be as useful as I'd thought it would. Earth Pulse was also of little use, since I could only detect the very basics, like how many people were in the area, not whether they were actually in combat. Even worse, the buildings and trees diluted the accuracy.

I arrived late to Gideon's class, but he just motioned for me to hurry on to my seat and kept talking.

"Hey. Why are you so late?" Emily whispered.

"Disciplinary committee duties. I have to monitor the campus until ten minutes after class starts," I responded, lowering my voice so Gideon wouldn't hear.

"All right! Pair up and get to work on your project. The materials are in the back, but don't all of you go at once." He took a seat and began reading over something while the students got up to collect the materials needed for the Light-Producing Artifact. I was about to walk over as well when Emily stopped me.

"I already have everything we need. Let's just get started." She rummaged through her oversized bag, finding the various necessary components. She laid out all the things we needed, then we got to work. Building the LPA wasn't easy, but Emily seemed impressed by how quickly I had caught on. Even if she was only twelve, her praise boosted my ego-her being a genius and all.

We spent the rest of class tinkering around with the various artifact components Emily had brought with her, until Gideon dismissed us. As I was leaving, he grabbed me by the back of my shirt and pulled me toward him. "Boy. Let's catch up sometime. We have a lot to talk about." He gave me a devious grin, but otherwise just patted me on the back.

"Mhmm. We should grab some tea, Professor." I gave him a wave, then left the room with Emily.

Sylvie thumped my nose with her paw, 'Papa! You're not paying attention. Avier wants us to head over to the training room again.'

Is Avier Director Goodsky's green owl? How can you talk with it? I asked my bond, but she didn't know either.

"Hey Emily, I have to head over to the library so I'll be skipping lunch. Go ahead without me."

"Do you want me to go with you?" she asked, but I just shook my head.

"It's fine. Go find Elijah for me. He'll be lonely if I'm not there." I made a sad puppy-dog face in imitation of Elijah to amuse Emily be fore running off in the direction of the library and training rooms. "Good afternoon, Mr. Leywin," Chloe greeted me with a professional smile and a bow, then motioned me to the back door.

"Nice to see you again, Chloe." I smiled back and followed behind her with Sylvie on top of my head, wagging her tail.

After passing by the scarred man, I made my way downstairs-with out Chloe's help, this time. I hope Elijah won't be too bored hanging out with Emily, I sent to Sylvie.

"Kyu." 'He'll be okay,' my bond reassured me.

Reaching the training room, I placed my right palm against the cold, giant doors, and a bright light once again greeted me.

"Boo!" Tessia jumped out from the side of the door, her hands out wide.

"Hey, Tess," I responded casually.

"Aww, you weren't scared. No fun," she grumbled. Sylvie jumped off my head and into Tess's arms.

"You'll have to try a lot better than that. Come on, let's get started with your assimilation." I pushed her toward the center of the training room. It was amazing how dense with mana the air in this room was, compared to outside. The fact that there was grass and a waterfall here also put me in awe, despite it being the second time I'd been here.

"How have you been feeling lately? Are you still getting rejection symptoms from your beast will?" I asked as Tess took a seat near the pond.

"I haven't had any since the last time we were here," she said, but then became quiet. Finally she looked over her shoulder and stared at me, batting her long gray eyelashes. "Hey, Art?"

"Hmm?"

" I'm sorry."

"For what?"

"Well, compared to you, I'm so emotional. So I feel like you get over whelmed and just end up following my selfishness." Tess's gaze shifted down as she said this.

"Ah, so you do know," I replied with a smirk, earning me a smack on the arm. "We've known each other for how long, Tess? At this point, you can trust that you've seen all sides of me, even the ones I don't want to show. Even knowing that, you accept me and have patience with me-and I'm grateful," I looked seriously at the downhearted princess. "Don't ever think that what I'm doing is out of obligation."

Both feeling a little better, we began the assimilation. Tess's mana core had come a long way. Being a solid orange stage conjurer at her age made her somewhat of a prodigy. She wouldn't be able to refine her mana core until the assimilation was over, but it shouldn't affect her too much. While mine had taken years, I estimated that with my help, it should only take a few more weeks for her to completely assimilate with the elderwood guardian's beast will.

When we were done, I patted Tess's back. "Let's end it here today." "Thanks." Tess shot me a shy smile as we both sat in the grass, the only sounds coming from the waterfall and Sylvie's soft breathing.

"I know you said to give you time but... do you think I can maybe hold your hand right now? Just for a bit? If not, it's okay-I won't be mad." Tess averted her gaze to avoid mine. Her bangs covered her face, but she couldn't hide her red ears poking out.

I gently grabbed Tess's right hand with my left and squeezed gently. Our fingers weren't interlocked, but the warmth from her hands spread to mine.

"Is this okay?" I tried to take a peek at Tess's face but she nodded, quickly turning her head away.

We just sat there for a couple of seconds, hands locked, and time seemed to slow down. It intrigued me that such a simple gesture could fill me with such a sense of calm.

63

## Field Trip

For the next several weeks, nothing noteworthy happened, yet I was kept busy enough that I didn't have time to visit my family. After school and training, disciplinary committee duties took up all my remaining time.

The class I was teaching had a harder time than I'd expected when it came to "divergent training," as I had decided to call it. The concept of focusing mana into a single point proved to be difficult for all the augmenters in the class, while reabsorbing a conjured spell was an even more arduous task for the conjurers.

So far, out of all the augmenters, only a student named Benson had managed to do anything remotely close to what I had in mind. As for the conjurers, only Kathyln had succeeded in reabsorbing her spell and enhancing her body-but even then, she had only managed to augment her hand. Feyrith was a close second, and he was the only other student on the brink of success.

My Deviant Magic Theory class had been moving along quite slowly; our professor explicitly stated that she would begin covering new material after we had finished our mid-semester tests. A semester was six teen weeks long and we'd only gone through four weeks of school, so it would be another four weeks before she'd start going over what I wanted to know.

"Are you excited for the class dungeon excursion tomorrow?" Tess leaned in closer to me.

The two of us, along with Sylvie, were in the training room during lunch. I had just finished helping her with assimilation. By my estimate, Tess needed about one or two more weeks to fully assimilate, which worried me because, until then, her magic use would be very limited.

I just shrugged. "Eh, we're only exploring the first three floors, right? I doubt we'll find anything worth getting excited over."

On Saturday, we were to have an overnight trip to the outskirts of the Beast Glades with our Team-Fighting Mechanics class. Professor Glory had received permission from Director Goodsky, on the condition that we were not allowed to go past the third floor of the dungeon we planned on exploring.

The dungeon was a minor one-and a popular site for new adventurers, since the mana beasts in the upper levels were only E-class-so Professor Glory thought it would be a great way for the class to get in some real-life team-fighting mechanics practice.

"Pfft. You're no fun. I bet you're actually really nervous that we'll be in the Beast Glades. I heard about it a lot from Grandpa. He says it's filled with a lot of mysteries and wonders, but also dangers. Grandpa said to never fully trust any source of information about the Beast Glades, because it always changes."

Tess seemed to be getting lost in her thoughts, fantasizing about how exciting our short trip was going to be. "We're going to be fighting against real mana beasts! Can you believe it? I mean, I've fought a couple in Elshire Forest while I was training with Grandpa, but I've heard mana beasts are different in the Beast Glades. You know-more vicious. We're going to be sleeping in the dungeon, too. That's so exciting!" Her eyes sparkled as she imagined camping underground, sur rounded by mana beasts.

Giving Tess a soft flick to the forehead, I woke her up from her dream land. "Just remember, you're probably not even at half your strength right now, and the assimilation isn't going to be completed in time for the expedition. Don't get full of yourself."

"Ow! I know, I know. You don't have to baby me so much," she pouted, rubbing her forehead.

"Do you remember when we slept together in the same tent?" I wag gled my eyebrows lewdly and Tess's face turned red immediately.

"Kyu?" Sylvie tilted her head in curiosity; she hadn't been born yet when this had happened.

"What did you say again? Ah yes!" Putting on a frightened face, I looked at my blushing childhood friend.

"'W-Well, you see... beasts will more likely appear if they notice you, because they will see that you are a child. So, for our s-safety, it would be better for you to c-come inside the tent,'" I said in a highpitched voice, mocking Tess.

"You asked for it!" She jumped on top of me, poking me hard as I continued laughing.

"Ow! Ow ow ow-okay," I managed to say through my laughter, "I'm sorry! I give, I give! Tess, I'll stop!" Tears formed in my eyes, from both laughter and pain.

"Kyuu!" Sylvie hopped around us. 'Me too, I want to play too!'

Eventually, she stopped, and I lay panting on the ground, catching my breath, with Tess sitting on top of me. Looking at my childhood friend, I saw that her face was still red. Realizing immediately what sort of position we were in, I began to feel flushed as well, the more so as Tess lowered her head closer to mine.

"I see you two are getting along well. Virion will surely be happy." The voice caught us both by surprise. Tess immediately jumped up, and we distanced ourselves from each other in embarrassment.

Director Goodsky approached us with an amused look on her face. How she had gotten in without either of us noticing was beyond me, but I couldn't hide the awkwardness I felt.

Brushing off our discomfort, Director Goodsky changed the topic. "How is the assimilation going?"

"It-It's going well. Art's helped me a lot these past couple of weeks, and I feel a lot better. I haven't been feeling any pain from the rejection lately, and as long as I don't use magic too much, I think I'll be okay." Flustered, Tess scrambled for words and flailed her arms as she tried to hide her embarrassment.

I calmed myself and clarified, "She should be fully assimilated with her beast will in about a week or two."

"Hmm." Director Goodsky nodded at me, then moved to stand in front of Tess, who was still red. Gently placing her hand just above Tess's stomach, Director Goodsky closed her eyes to sense Tess's mana core. After a brief moment, she retracted her hand and nodded, satisfied. "Good, good. I'm glad there were no troubles along the way. I knew I could trust you, Arthur," she said.

"Where have you been these past few weeks though, Director? You were always in contact, from what I heard, but I haven't seen you here at the academy for a while now. Did you just get back?" I said, tilting my head. My eyes were drawn to a small cut on her hand.

"Ah, yes. I've been away for some personal reasons. I am back now though, so come to my office if you need anything." Director Goodsky quickly covered her hand and gave me a soft, grandmotherly smile. "I better get going, though. I have a lot of work to catch up on. Be sure not to overexert yourself, little one. Be especially careful while you're in the dungeons. One should never underestimate even the lowest-level mana beasts." Director Goodsky gently caressed Tess's hair before gliding away, leaving us alone again.

"So... what are your plans after this?" Tessia said, breaking the awkward silence that the director had left us with.

"After classes, there's an emergency meeting for the disciplinary committee since Curtis, Claire, and I are going to be away from campus over the weekend. We'll have to work out a plan of action in case an emergency arises while we aren't here. After that, I'll probably go back home and sleep there. It's been a while. I'll get back to campus by tomorrow morning, in time to head out for the excursion. What about you?" I said, leaning back.

"I'm free until the student council meeting, since Professor Glory cancelled class so we can get our rest. We have to go over a couple of things on the agenda, since both Clive and I will be away too." Tess was a lot calmer now. I had to admit she looked pretty cute, sitting on the ground and playing with Sylvie's paws.

I spent a bit more time talking to Tess, but I eventually had to leave to go to my other two classes. They seemed to drag on forever; we were already reviewing for our mid-semester exams.

"That will be it for today, class. Remember to keep up with your studies instead of procrastinating and cramming for everything the night before. I know you all love doing that," Professor Mayner said sarcastically as he handed out some review sheets on basic spell formations. When class was over, I trudged toward the disciplinary committee room. Sylvie weighed particularly heavily on my head tonight.

"I trust that you will be able to keep the academy in check while the three of us are out. We've been through all of the emergency procedures these past two weeks so I'm confident that everything will be fine. As you all know, Kai is in command while I'm out. Remember that Director Goodsky is back on campus so if worse comes to worst, don't hesitate to have her help-but I doubt there will be a need to. Dismissed!" Claire clapped her hands as the rest of us got up.

"Hey twer... I mean, Arthur, don't forget, I want another practice match with you." Theo placed a hand on my shoulder as I headed down the stairs behind Curtis and Kathyln. "Since we're both here, let's do it."

"No, it's my turn. You lost to him last time, so I get to try now." Doradrea squeezed between us and looked up at me.

"That didn't count! He just got a lucky break, that's all," Theo said, scowling.

"No can do, Theo, Doradrea. I'm going home to my family tonight. My driver is already waiting for me at the gates." I slipped past them and hopped down the rest of the stairs without giving them a chance to try to convince me to stay.

"You have the protection ring Father gave you, right? Use it immediately if you feel like you're in trouble. Promise me that, okay?" I heard Curtis worriedly nag his younger sister. We'd be leaving early tomorrow morning, so tonight was probably the last time he'd see her until we got back Sunday night.

Kathyln gave a silent nod, her face expressionless as always. When she saw me looking at them she quickly turned her head away. Curtis left his sister and walked toward me.

"I'll see you tomorrow morning then, Arthur. I heard Professor Glory was thinking of assigning teams. Let's join the same team if we can," he said, bumping me in the arm with a fist.

"Yeah, sounds good." I offered him a friendly nod, and gave everyone a wave goodbye as I walked out.

It was already pretty dark outside, the only source of light coming from the soft glow of the floating orbs. The campus grounds gave off a very mystical feeling at night, totally different from the eerie white lights that had illuminated the prison-like buildings of the academy in my previous life.

When I reached the main gate to the academy, the familiar driver was waiting for me. "Good evening, Mr. Arthur. I take it you have prepared everything?" he said, doffing his hat and giving me a slight bow.

"Yeah. Sorry the meeting ran a little late. Let's leave right away." The driver opened the door for me and I climbed into the carriage. I dozed off during the ride back home, so the familiar Helstea Mansion came into view more quickly than I'd expected.

"We have arrived, Mr. Leywin. Have a great night." Opening the door, the driver tipped his hat once again as I stepped out of the carriage. Walking up the stairs brought back nostalgic thoughts of when I'd re turned from the kingdom of Elenoir, and later from the Dire Tombs.

This was the first time in a while I had come back home without giving my parents a reason to worry for my life.

Before I even had the chance to knock, the giant front door swung open and an Ellie-shaped missile shot out.

" Brother! Welcome home!" Ellie wrapped her arms around my waist as I struggled to keep us both from toppling down the stairs.

"Kyu!" Sylvie hopped off my head and onto Ellie's, licking her face. "That tickles, Sylvie!" Laughing, my sister untangled herself from me as she held Sylvie and tickled her back.

"I was wondering what the noise was. You're back a little late, Son!" My father leaned against the doorframe and gave me a grin.

"The meeting ran a little late. It's been a while, Dad." I gave my father a hug as my sister followed behind me, still cuddling with my bond. "Ah! You're back, Art. You must be so tired." My mother had been up stairs, and now she ran down and wrapped her arms around me.

"Hey, Mom. Yeah, I'm back." I smiled, reveling in the family love I cherished so much.

"How are you? Are you all better now?" My mother examined me, lifting up my shirt and turning me around to make sure I didn't have any wounds left.

"I'm fine now," I laughed. "You're worrying too much." I gave her a comforting smile, but I couldn't help remembering the short conversation I'd had with my father about my mother's magic. However, I quickly shook the thoughts from my head. I was sure there was a reason and the only thing I could do was wait for her to tell me.

"Brother, how long are you staying?" Ellie was practically hopping around me as we all headed toward the living room.

"I'm leaving early tomorrow morning," I said with a sigh.

"What? Why?" My sister's face visibly saddened, her shoulders slumping at my response.

"Yeah, why are you leaving so soon?" my father chimed in, taking a seat on the sofa.

"One of my classes has an excursion to the Beast Glades tomorrow for one night. We leave in the morning, so I'll have to head out pretty early." I was already tired at the thought of waking up before dawn.

"The Beast Glades?" My mother's face turned pale with concern. I was n't surprised-I'd almost died the last time I was in the Beast Glades. Even my father looked worried.

"Don't worry. We're only going to be on the outskirts, and our professor will be with us at all times. Besides, I still have the ring." I pulled out the ring that the Helstea family had given us from my pocket. The ring used mana circulation to indicate to the other ring-holder whether I was still alive or not. I had kept it off while I was at school -if anything happened to me there, my parents would be notified right away-but I planned to wear it on the excursion just in case.

"But still... is it mandatory for you to go?" My mother furrowed her brows, the concern refusing to leave her face.

"We'll be fine. It's one of the lowest-ranked dungeons, and we're not allowed to go below the third floor anyway," I said, trying to comfort her. She still wasn't entirely happy with the situation, but she kept silent, giving me a hesitant nod.

The four of us spent a few more hours just catching up while Sylvie fell asleep on Ellie's lap. Ellie was apparently doing well in her ladies' school while my father and mother both still looked very healthy and in love. It had only been a few weeks since I'd last seen them, so that was no surprise. When I asked where the Helstea family was, Father said Vincent and Tabitha were both away for a couple of days on a business trip to a different city.

When it grew late, my parents ushered my sister and me into our rooms. I almost fell asleep while taking a shower; after drying myself, I sank into bed with a big sigh of relief.

It was good to be back home.

But before I could get too comfortable, a series of knocks sounded at my door.

Too tired to get up, I turned my head and saw a small face peeking in. "Can I sleep with you tonight, Brother?" Clinging to her stuffed animal, Ellie slipped into my room.

"Sure," I said with a smile, and lifted the blanket next to me so she could get under.

"Yay!" Ellie jumped into the bed, making herself comfortable. The bed was more than big enough for both of us, but she scooted in close and faced me.

"Goodnight." I patted my baby sister's head, and we both fell asleep listening to each other's steady breathing.