## First Day on the Job

"Easy... take it slow. There you go." Elijah supported me back up. It'd been exactly one week since I'd been injured, and since then the only walking I had done was with the assistance of rails during my physical therapy sessions. Even with mana circulating throughout my body, strengthening my limbs, I still felt rather sluggish.

"Kyu..." Sylvie looked at me with as much concern as her fox-like face was capable of. She was walking beside me instead of curling up on top of my head; I guess she was afraid I wouldn't be able to hold her up.

Elijah had come to my infirmary room as soon as his first class was over. I would be starting off my day by teaching the Practical Mana Manipulation class, but in my current state, I wasn't so eager. With my legs giving out every couple of steps and my back and sides burning, I barely had the strength to get to the class, let alone teach it.

I slowly got my footing and stopped leaning on Elijah for support. In stead, I used Dawn's Ballad as a walking stick. Elijah had wrapped the handle and sheath in a white bandage, for comfort as well as protection against suspicious eyes.

I had to chuckle at the irony. I remembered thinking the sword was nothing more than a walking stick when, in fact, it was a priceless weapon. My assumption back then had foreshadowed my current situation: Here I was, a twelve-year-old, already using a cane to support myself.

"Are you going to be okay by yourself? Maybe I should at least help you out in between classes today." Elijah's face wrinkled in concern and he stuck close by me, ready to catch me if I stumbled. "I'll be okay." I didn't have the confidence to say I wouldn't fall, but I didn't want to keep Elijah constantly by my side.

Elijah's brows were still furrowed behind his glasses when we arrived in front of the classroom, and I knew he was hesitant to let me go by myself.

"Arthur, let me help you." I turned my head and saw Princess Kathyln running toward me, leaving her group of friends behind. Without waiting for me to respond, she placed one arm around my waist and slipped underneath my arm so I wouldn't just be leaning on my sword as support.

"Uh... okay. Thank you." I glanced at Elijah, who was standing with his mouth agape. He held up two fingers and mouthed the word 'princesses,' but I just shook my head and turned to make my way into the classroom.

"I heard our new professor is finally coming today."

"I know. I still can't believe it, though."

"How can the director even think about putting an underclassman in as a professor?"

"Anyone should be better than Professor Geist, right?"

"Don't jinx it, man."

"Hey, there he is! The disciplinary committee officer who beat Geist!" "Why is he limping?"

The various conversations all changed to murmurs about me as soon as I walked in.

"I'll be fine now, Princess Kathyln. Thank you." I eased my arm off of her shoulders.

"You need help up the stairs." Her expressionless face didn't match the concern in her voice. I just shook my head and motioned for her to go first.

Sylvie followed close behind as I walked to the middle of the room, lurching toward the moveable podium in the center of the small stadium. When I reached it, I let out a deep breath of relief and put all my weight on the podium, which stood a bit too tall for my height.

Looking up, I spotted Feyrith sitting at one of the desks watching me curiously. When Kathyln reached her desk, she looked back for me. I smiled at her from my spot in the middle of the room but she looked almost anxious.

The conversations in the room died away as more and more of the young mages spotted me leaning against the professor's podium. "I'm not sure how many of you know my name, but I believe most of you at least know who I am. My name is Arthur Leywin. I'm a disciplinary committee member, the only son of two wonderful mages, a doting brother, and your new professor. Let's get along."

I waited to see the class's reaction. Although they had certainly heard the rumours, most of the students filling the classroom sat in silence for a moment before the room filled with murmurs of disbelief, shouts of anger, and incredulous laughter.

"I can't believe it! I thought it was a joke," one of the second-years exclaimed.

"What makes you good enough to be the professor?" a short first-year barked. "Who do you think you are?"

I let out a pained breath, daydreaming about being able to teach this class while lying down.

This would have been a lot easier if Professor Glory or Director Goodsky had formally let the class know that I would be teaching. I should have at least been given an official document or a name badge-anything to prove that I was the new professor. But, for whatever reason, they hadn't done any of that. Rumours had been flying and my announcement was like a spark in a powder keg. Knowing Director Goodsky, I had to wonder if she'd done this on purpose. It seemed like something she would do.

"Director Goodsky has appointed me to be the professor for this class for the remainder of the semester and-"

"This is crazy!"

"I'm filing a complaint!"

"Shut up!"

More protests resounded within the room as the students grew rowdier.

I looked at my fellow committee members. Feyrith's sharp face was filled with a mixture of incredulity and worry, while Kathyln looked perplexed.

"Just because you beat the old professor doesn't mean you're that good. Do you think you could've won if Princess Kathyln and Feyrith hadn't tired him out?" A second-year jumped down and landed on the stage with a loud thud.

"What are you doing?" I asked sharply as he began walking toward me.

The student had a pretty solid build, but judging from his poor mana circulation, he was probably able to augment only some of his body. "I just suddenly feel like I want to be a professor now," he said with a snide grin. "All I have to do is the same thing you did-pummel the instructor to the ground, right?"

I glanced around the room. Half the students were a bit nervous, not wanting to get caught up in another drama during class, while the other half was cheering him on.

Shifting my gaze back to the boy approaching me, I uttered a single word.

"Sit."

Suddenly bombarded with a large influx of mana, the large student crumpled to his bottom with enough force to shake the stage we stood on.

The room grew deathly quiet as I hobbled over to the confused and embarrassed student. I stood over him, remaining silent and giving him a moment to appreciate the position he was in. "Director Goodsky didn't bother giving me any official documents, but like it or not, I will be teaching this class."

I stepped over the student and made my way to the other side of the silent room. I did my best not to show any weakness, but as hard as I tried I couldn't hide my limp.

Gritting my teeth against the pain, I scooped Sylvie up and lifted her for the entire class to see. "If anyone has a problem with this, you can take it up with this cute little fox here, though I guarantee that she will easily wipe the floor with any of you."

The students looked at one another, unsure of what to do. "For those who want to leave," I continued, "I won't stop you-in fact, I'll even al low you to be put into another class of your choice. However, if any of you are even a tiny bit curious as to what this little boy with a limp here can teach you, feel free to stay." I pointed at the door and waited a few seconds, but whether it was because of my demonstration with the second-year or because they were actually interested in the class, none of the students left.

I peered at the second-year who had jumped down so eagerly to show off his limited ability. "Now, if you'll please go back to your seat, I'll begin my lesson."

His face turning beet red, the student quickly got up and scrambled back to his seat. I took my time, slowly limping back to the center of the stage, and leaned on the podium. Sylvie jumped onto the podium and glared around at the class.

"Since this is the Practical Mana Manipulation class, I'll ask a practical question. What is the best way to utilize mana from the surrounding atmosphere?" Almost instantly, a beak-nosed human student with a ponytail shot her hand up. I nodded to her.

"Mana is best utilized by absorbing the mana naturally formed in the atmosphere into the mana core, where it can be condensed and purified for use when spells or techniques are cast." She gave me a smug look, obviously proud of her answer.

"Good. Now, as you all know, the difference between augmenters and conjurers lies in the fact that augmenters mostly use the mana in their cores via their mana channels, while conjurers absorb mana directly from the surrounding atmosphere via their mana veins. So why do both types of mages have to meditate and absorb mana if only the augmenters actually utilize the mana they absorb into their core?" I quizzed, not looking at anyone in particular. The same girl's confident hand shot up again, then shrank down as she pondered the question.

"While augmenters incorporate mana into physical attacks," Kathyln answered, her face relaxed, "thus reducing the amount of mana used, conjurers directly manipulate the space in which the spell is cast, consuming more mana. Because of that, conjurers use the purified mana in their mana core as a reserve to avoid backlash."

"Correct. Then the last question: Is the color of a conjurer's-or even an augmenter's-mana core a truly accurate way of measuring the level of the mage's power?" I leaned forward, shifting my weight from my left leg to my right.

Kathyln's usually composed face scrunched in deep thought.

"Keep that in mind," I said, "as you all come down to the stage and line up behind me. I want the conjurers to my left and augmenters to my right."

There were a few grumbled complaints, but eventually everyone made their way to the stage and into their places.

"For this exercise, I want everyone to initiate the most basic spell of your affinity. Conjurers, no wand," I said.

For augmenters, the basic spells all came in a very similar form. For fire-affinity augmenters, it would be Fire Fist, which was igniting a small ember covering their fist. For wind, it would be Whirlwind Fist. For water, it would be Aqua Fist, and for earth, Boulder Fist. Once they'd learned to manifest their elements, the first step for augmenters was learning to integrate the element into their hands, the limbs they

were most accustomed to using.

These mages were attending this school because, thanks to their elite lineages, they had strong talent; most had developed the ability to manifest their elements early on. It had taken my father more than twenty years to manifest an actual flame, but these twelve- to four teen-year-olds were already capable of doing so. That was the difference genetics made, something even I found undeniable.

As for the conjurers, the most basic spell involved gathering specific elemental mana into a sphere and shooting it. For fire specialists, that would be in the form of the spell Fireball. For wind, it would be Wind Bullet; for water, Water Bullet; and for earth, Stone Bullet.

Conjurers had it easier since they didn't have to directly form the element in their bodies, but could absorb the specific mana particles around them and use that to invoke the spell. Conjurers' specializations in different elements had to do with how well they were able to both sense and utilize the specific elemental mana particles around them.

I rested my chin on my palm as I watched both types of mages prepare their spells.

The augmenters in the class all began concentrating, their dominant hands clenched tightly in front of them. A few long seconds later, their spells became visible as their respective elements enveloped their fists. The time it took them to accomplish this varied, but not by much.

The conjurers, meanwhile, chanted softly as the spaces in front of their palms began glowing different colors depending on their elemental affinities. I was unsurprised to see that it took Feyrith and Kathyln much less time to form their spells than everyone else.

The only visible difference between the augmenters' and conjurers' spells was that the augmenters' elements surrounded their fists, while the conjurers' elements gathered in front of their palms.

"Now, augmenters, I want you to try and launch your spell in front of you. Conjurers, I want you to try and absorb the spell you've conjured into your hand." I gave them an innocent smile as they stared at me blankly.

After a few seconds, they realized I wasn't joking. One by one, they be gan their attempts at a concept very foreign to their nature.

I watched as the augmenters all failed in their attempts. Some roared as they flailed their arms, while others tried to chant to no avail. It be came almost comical-one student thought shouting "fire" would do the trick.

The conjurers weren't any better; they all ended up getting cut, burned, wet, or bruised. After several minutes of struggling, most gave up and looked at me accusingly; even Feyrith and Kathyln had expressions of doubt.

"This is stupid. We all know only high-level augmenters can cast longdistance spells," one of the augmenter students cried.

"Yeah! And anyway, what's the point to absorbing back a spell we prepared and conjured?" an elven student whined as she cradled her bruised hand.

Leaving Sylvie on top of the podium, I hobbled to the opposite side of the stage, away from the students.

Taking a moment to concentrate, I aimed at an open space between the conjurers and augmenters.

A gust of wind formed around my hand before shooting out past the students. By the time it reached the metal wall behind them, the bullet of air had dissipated harmlessly.

"Big deal," one of the students retorted. "Most augmenters can do that once they reach orange stage."

"True, it's not hard to do that, but-" I raised my other arm and shot a stream of compressed air directly out of my palm. The attack whistled past the students and hit the wall behind them once more, but this time, the wall caved in from the pressure, forming a small crater. "Have you seen any augmenters do that at the orange stage?"

The students, startled by the impact of what appeared to be the same spell, whipped their heads around, looking back and forth between me and the wall.

"I can't accurately demonstrate what happens when conjurers are able to absorb the spells they invoke, but trust me, it'll only help you." I staggered back to the podium and grabbed my bond. "That's it for to day. Try and come up with the answer to the question and practice what I just told you to do. See you tomorrow."

I gave them one last wave on my way out. As I left, I could hear the students inside erupt in excitement.

"How'd I do, Sylv?" I asked.

'Not bad, but I could do better,' she replied brightly.

59

## Confrontation

I took a deep breath as I sat outside on a nearby bench. I had ended class a bit too early, I realized. The campus was peaceful; most stu dents were still in their classrooms. It'd been a while since I'd felt this weak, but getting up and walking around definitely helped. I sat idly, watching Sylvie chase a butterfly around the lawn in front of me. Then I heard footsteps approaching from the right.

"Is this seat taken?"

I turned to see Princess Kathyln leaning forward so her face was level with mine.

"No, go ahead," I said, slowly scooching a bit to my left to make room for her. She carefully placed her handkerchief over the bench and took a seat on top of it, straightening out her rumpled skirt. We sat there silently, both of us watching as Sylvie finally captured the butterfly and pinned it, struggling, beneath her paws.

"My brother told me what happened. I'm sorry." Her voice grew quieter at the end of her sentence.

I kept my eyes focused on Sylvie but responded with a soft laugh. "Why are you saying sorry too? Even if it was your brother's fault, which it wasn't, he's already apologized."

"It's just... I feel like my family owes you many apologies. For what happened with Sebastian and my father as well. That time at the auction house... he's not usually like that but he was shocked by the turn of events and felt he needed to keep his image and..." For the first time, I witnessed Kathyln getting flustered. Her face, usu ally composed, became flushed and her expression was panicked as she tried to make me understand.

I couldn't help but laugh, and Kathyln immediately stopped talking. "I'm sorry, I don't mean to laugh, Princess. I just haven't seen this side of you before." Kathyln blushed even brighter and turned her body away from me.

"Please don't mock me, Arthur. I didn't expect this from you, of all people," she said, her head still turned away.

"Oh? What did you expect from me?" I tilted my head in curiosity. "Well, when I first met you at the auction event, I noticed you held yourself very maturely," she murmured. She still hadn't turned back around.

"You noticed how people hold themselves when you were barely eight years old?" Reading a person's posture was something a keen adult might learn how to do, after many years of experience with meeting all different kinds of people.

"Yes. Being a princess, I acquired that skill fairly quickly. Both my father and brother were quite the characters, so I felt like my mother and I were the only normal ones at times," Kathyln said, turning back to face me. She didn't quite meet my eye, though.

"Oh? I didn't really notice anything unusual about your brother. He seemed very charismatic." I remembered meeting Curtis for the first time at the auction house. He had matured quite a bit since then.

"Yes, he's gotten a lot better, seeing as he's able to apologize to you. That would've been very hard for him when he was younger, because of his pride." She sighed, and we both watched Sylvie battle with an other bug for a few moments. "When I first saw you, I noticed right away that you were different from everyone else. How should I say this? I was very intrigued by you." Her head lowered a bit as she spoke.

"Is that right? I assumed the opposite, since your face didn't show any reaction or change the whole time." I smiled at the memory of our first meeting four years prior.

"I apologize. My family has told me be more expressive but to no avail." She attempted to force a smile and I tried not to laugh again at the unnatural expression.

"Well, they're not wrong. I was beginning to think you were wearing a mask, your face was always so still.".

She looked at me seriously. "I will practice." Kathyln nodded to her self, and I noticed her expression looked slightly more determined than usual.

"I'm not sure that's something you can practice," I said carefully. "Just don't force your emotions down; eventually your face will move according to how you're feeling inside." I put on an exaggerated grin. She suddenly turned away from me again.

Oops. Did I overdo it?

### KATHYLN GLAYDER

I couldn't show any weakness; I had a duty to uphold. When men came to visit me, hoping to gain my favor, I couldn't show any weak ness they could use against me. That was my struggle.

I couldn't read minds, but it wasn't hard to see that all the men who came to me-the ones my own age as well as the older ones-had ulterior motives. Royal lineage, superior ability, physical appearance-the things most people believed would make their lives easier were shack les that robbed me of the freedom I wished to have.

Yet here I was, with a boy my age who was so talented and sought after, yet still so... bright. He shined with a brilliance that made me want to be like him. What made him so different from me? Was he foolish for expressing his emotions so freely, without the fear of how others would view him-or courageous?

I couldn't keep myself from giggling as Arthur contorted his face like that. He looked so silly. I immediately covered my mouth, trying to hide my smile.

"See? That wasn't so hard." His exaggerated smile turned gentle, comforting me.

"I should teach stuff like this instead of Mana Manipulation, right?" He let out a pained laugh as he leaned down to pet his bond, which had moved to sit between his legs.

"That reminds me. The Wind Bullet spell that you used to demonstrate seemed almost like a conjurer's spell compared to the second one you used. How exactly did you do it? I'm also curious as to why you want the conjurers to try to absorb their spells back into their bodies. I've never heard of conjurers doing that." I was going on like an excited child about the questions that filled my mind and felt suddenly embarrassed.

"Whoa! Is that why you came up to me? Is this what you were after?" He leaned away from me, shocked.

"No! Of course not. That was never my intention." Oh no! He thought I had come after him with some ulterior motive. I had just seen him sit ting there and wanted to-why did I ask to sit next to him?

I realized my hand was slightly touching his arm, and I pulled it back quickly, but he was laughing softly.

"I was obviously joking, Princess. I'm not sure if I should tell you, though. It wouldn't be very fair of me to give you the advantage like that, right?" He gave me a little wink that made my chest feel heavy all of a sudden. What was that?

"I guess you're right. It would be unfair to give me answers to the homework you assigned," I responded quietly.

"Well... I guess I can give a fellow disciplinary committee member a little pointer. Watch now." I looked up to see him lifting both his hands, palms up, and he appeared to be concentrating.

His left hand began to glow as soft winds swirled, surrounding his hand. As for his right hand, only a small portion in the center of his palm glowed. The wind that gathered around this hand didn't sur round his entire hand, but instead swirled into a sphere just above his palm. With a brief flick of his wrists, he shot out small gusts of wind from both hands.

The wind that had surrounded his left hand dissipated after a few yards, but the spherical wind he had conjured with his right hand went several times farther before dissipating with a soft pa.

"There is your hint for the augmenter's homework. As for what I as signed the conjurers, think backward." He got up as I contemplated what he'd just done.

"I should get going now. Let me know if you need more lessons on facial expressions." He gave me an exaggerated scowl, then a perverted smile, almost making me laugh again.

"Aw, you didn't laugh this time. Too bad." He slowly walked off with his bond scampering next to him. I realized I felt a bit empty, sitting alone on a bench that now seemed too big for just me.

### ARTHUR LEYWIN

"Psst. I heard you got hurt on the first day of class. Are you okay?" Emily's thick glasses shifted down as she leaned forward next to me, whispering in the middle of class. We were learning about the basic components that made up different types of artifacts. All of a sudden, a piece of chalk flew straight at Emily, disappearing somewhere into her curly hair.

Gideon gave a light cough, his hand still outstretched after throwing the chalk at her. "Miss Watsken, please enlighten the class as to the primary component of a basic light-producing artifact."

"The basic light-producing artifact is made up of the foundation crystal, florenite, found abundantly near the outskirts of Sapin and also in the kingdom of Darv. After florenite is refined, it will constantly let out a dim light, so in order to control the output of the ore-" "Okay, okay, that's enough. Sheesh, I just asked for the material," Gideon grumbled, cutting Emily off mid-explanation.

Giving a small shrug, she took out some paper to write on, then made futile attempts to scavenge the piece of chalk buried somewhere deep in her hair.

We exchanged notes for a bit, writing to each other about what had happened. I skimmed over the details, not wanting to write a novel about the experience. But with the lack of detail from my side, she wasn't really able to piece anything together, leaving her frustrated and curious.

"Something seems off." She eyed me as we left class. For homework, we had been assigned a mini-project where we had to assemble a light-producing artifact, or LPA for short.

We made our way to the mess hall to get some lunch, and Emily bad gered me with questions on the details of the fight.

"You're overthinking things, Emily. I'm more worried about the project Gideon assigned us. I'm so lost after missing the first week." This was actually true. My critical thinking abilities and vague knowledge of technology from my past allowed me to make connections and understand more than most first-years, but everyone was grumbling about how this class was one of their hardest. Leave it to that eccentric Gideon to teach a basic class as if it were several levels higher.

"Eh, I already have a couple LPAs I made lying around in my dorm anyway. Might as well put them to use." She adjusted her oversized backpack as we entered the cafeteria.

"Wow. You could probably ace this class in your sleep." I shook my head as I picked up a tray and grabbed some food.

"Kyu!" 'Get more meat, Papa!' Sylvie hopped on top of my head in protest when I loaded my plate with vegetables.

"Oh, all right." I went back and picked up a few more pieces of meat, then realized Emily was looking at me with a weird expression on her face.

"Can you understand what your bond is saying?" She lifted her glasses up as she peered at Sylvie.

"Can't everyone?" I asked.

"No, not at all, actually. They can understand their emotions to a certain extent but not... verbal cues." She squinted as she took a closer look at Sylvie.

Pushing her head back with my finger on her forehead, I responded, "That's what I meant. I felt my bond complaining and I just inferred that it was because I had picked up vegetables. You're overthinking things again, Emily."

"Yeah, I guess you're right. She's cute though." She just shrugged and prepared her own plate.

"Ah, there you are, Art. Director Goodsky wants-oh, hello." Elijah stopped in his tracks as he realized I was with a friend.

"Hey, Elijah. This is Emily. Emily, Elijah," I said, my gaze shifting be tween my friend and the simmering beef in my hands.

"Nice to meet you." Emily smiled, fumbling awkwardly to slide a hand out from underneath her food tray.

"A pleasure to meet you," Elijah responded as he shook her hand, a look of curiosity on his face. "Anyway, Art, you need to head over to your training room. Director Goodsky, remember?" He gave me a look, signaling that it was urgent.

"Oh, wait-now?" I stared down longingly at my food.

"Yes. Now." He gently took away my tray while I tried to scarf down as much food as I could. Sylvie used her tongue to sweep a big portion of the meat into her mouth as I placed the tray next to the trash bin.

"You two get acquainted. I'll talk to you later!" I waved at my friends as I left, and they waved back.

Director Goodsky had told me where my private training room would be while I was in the infirmary. The mana density was supposed to be a lot higher there, making it easier to train.

"I wonder what Director Goodsky wants. I should give her an earful about class today," I said to no one in particular as Sylvie and I made our way toward the room.

All the training rooms were in a sort of maze underneath the library, so a staff member had to escort first-time visitors to make sure they found the right location. Usually, only upperclassmen were allowed to borrow the rooms to train in for a couple of hours at a time, but I was lucky enough to have a private one all to myself.

There were two entrances in the library building: one to the actual library, the other to a sort of waiting room for all the training facilities. Opening the door to the waiting room, I slowly made my way past some upperclassmen before arriving at the front desk. "Hi, my name is

Arthur Leywin." I didn't exactly know what Director Goodsky wanted, so I hoped the lady at the front desk would know what to do once I told her my name.

"Ah, yes. Today is your first time visiting the room, correct?" The lady wore a tailored suit, reminding me of a concierge at some fancy hotel.

"Yes," I said with a nod, and she bent down and opened a drawer.

"Please place both palms on this stone. Make sure the tips of all your fingers are flat." In both hands, she held out a flat tablet with various inscriptions etched onto it.

I did as I was told and felt a brief numbing sensation spread over my hands as she activated the tablet.

"Perfect! I'll show you to your room. Please follow me." She ushered me forward toward a room in the back, where a scarred man, well over six feet tall and holding a spear, guarded the door.

The room the man was guarding was actually some sort of elevator made up of various gears, which I assumed were powered either by mana cores or some other mana-producing ore.

"Wow. I didn't know anything like this existed here," I said in awe, reminiscing about the last time I had ridden in an elevator.

"It has actually been built quite recently, and hasn't yet spread around the country. The genius artificer Gideon designed this device. I'm sure you've heard of him-he's currently a professor here," she said, admiring the elevator herself.

"More than heard of him, he's actually one of my professors. The way he teaches his class, I wish he wasn't such a genius."

"Here we are! Make sure to remember how to get to your room. Since I've registered you to your room, you are allowed to come in anytime you wish," she said as she guided me through the halls.

"That scary scarred man won't stop me?" I asked, pointing up with my sheathed sword.

She burst out with a surprised laugh. "Oh, no. He won't stop you. Ah! We've arrived." We had reached the end of the hall, where there was a large set of double doors without any handles.

"This door seems different from all the other ones." I turned my head back to compare.

"Yes. Director Goodsky seems to place quite a bit of emphasis on your training." She gave me a charming smile.

"Yet she didn't even bother to tell my class who their new professor was," I muttered under my breath.

"Excuse me?" The lady tilted her head in confusion.

"Ah, nothing. So how do I open this?" I asked. Sylvie had jumped off my head and was excitedly hopping in place in front of the double doors.

"If you place either of your palms against the door, it will open automatically. If you need any further assistance, there is a communication device inside which you can use to contact me. If you are hungry, I can also send someone over to bring you some food." She bowed, waiting for me to open the door.

I raised my hand, ready to open the door. "Thank you. What was your name?"

"Please call me Chloe. I wish you a fruitful training session," she said. "Got it. Thanks again, Chloe." I turned back and placed my right hand on the double doors. With a loud engine-like noise, the area where I placed my palm glowed and streams of light branched out. Eventually, the light dimmed and the door slid open to reveal a room that was much different from what I had imagined.

I turned my head back but Chloe was already gone. Sylvie had run in to the room before I could object, so I took a cautious step forward. I peered into the room, the sudden brightness compared to the dim light of the hall making me squint and raise a hand to shield my eyes. My vision soon adjusted and, as I lowered my hand, I spotted a familiar figure, fidgeting in place as Sylvie scurried up her leg.

Whether it was the sparkling brightness inside the room or the fact that this room looked more like a huge natural wonder than a training facility, my childhood friend looked stunning. Tess stood before me, wearing a loose white training robe and cuddling her cheek against Sylvie, who was perched on her shoulder.

"Hi," Tess said. She kept her head lowered as she cast her eyes up at me.

I stepped forward as the door closed behind me. The floor underneath me was grass, and there was a large pond with a waterfall as well. Huge boulders and trees surrounded us, making me feel as if I were in a dream. Snapping out of my momentary daze, I scratched my head with the hand that wasn't holding Dawn's Ballad.

"Hey, Tess." I smiled awkwardly.

"Should we get started?" Tess put Sylvie down on the ground before she shyly began removing her robe.

"Wait, what? Get started with what?" I almost tripped backward as I saw her bare shoulders.

"The assimilation. Grandpa told me it would work better with less clothes in the way." I looked away as the robe slipped from her shoulders. When nothing happened, I glanced back. Tess's face was bright red, but I was relieved to see that she wasn't entirely nude; gauze strips coved her chest.

Ah, right... the assimilation... Wait, what?

I wasn't sure whether to blame Gramps for his misleading message or Tess for her excessive enthusiasm.

"Assuming that's even true, I'm sure he didn't mean to get stark naked." I covered my eyes with my hand.

"Shut up! How was I supposed to-" Tess fell to her knees with a moan, her face a mask of pain.

I moved as quickly as my injured body would let me, putting Dawn's Ballad back into my dimension ring as I went. Kneeling down next to her, I placed my palm on her warm, pale back. I felt her body tremble in pain, and I was taken aback by how frail she looked. Although she was a powerful mage, physically she was still a skinny thirteen-yearold girl.

Removing the seal from my wrist, I willed mana into Tess's body. Using all four elements, I controlled the mana to spread throughout her body, counteracting the mana coming from the elderwood guardian's beast will. What Virion had done while I was assimilating had just eased my pain, but by using a balanced mixture of mana from all four elements, I was able to essentially help Tess's body fight against the beast will. I had never tested this, but it was based on the same principles I had used to help awaken Lilia and my sister.

Her ragged breathing soon calmed, and her trembling stilled as she be gan panting with relief. After I gently lifted her robe to cover her, I walked over to the pond and splashed my face with cold water. I needed to calm myself down.

After a few moments, I felt my heartbeat slowing down, but I reacted again when I heard Tess making her way to me, Sylvie trotting behind her.

Squatting down next to me, she stared at me as if she wanted to say something, her flushed, tired face still sparkling. After a moment of hesitation, she spoke in a firm voice. "Art, can we talk?"

60

## Romantic Idiot

"Art, can we talk?" she asked, her gaze locking onto mine.

"Sure. It seems like there's a third party at work here trying to make us talk anyway." I sat back, leaning on my arms, my face dripping with the fresh water.

"About the kiss-are you mad?" Tess's face was bright red, revealing how nervous she was despite her terse expression.

"I'm not mad. I was surprised, but I'm not mad." I would've been lying if I said I hadn't realized that Tess had feelings for me since all the way back when I lived with her in Elenoir.

There was a brief silence where I could tell Tess was waiting for me to say something, but I didn't know what to say at that moment.

If it were as simple as choosing between liking or disliking Tess, of course I leaned heavily toward the former, but this situation wasn't as black and white as that. I knew it wasn't unheard of for children, especially royalty, to marry at the age of thirteen or fourteen, but there was another factor that came into play here: I could only see this girl in front of me as a child.

I held back the urge to let out a deep breath.

I had to question the use of being so experienced in fighting and politics when I didn't even know where to start when it came to something as basic as love-or whatever this was.

"Arthur, what are you thinking about?" She leaned closer, her brows furrowing more deeply. The intensity with which she was staring at me made me uncomfortable, but this issue wasn't something I could keep pushing aside.

"Tess, we've known each other since I was four. The first time I saw you, you were being kidnapped. After I saved you your parents were kind enough to let me stay in your castle. It was all kind of intense. And our families get along, but..." I took a deep breath.

"I don't understand what you're trying to say." Tess had an impatient look on her face.

"Tess, we're still so young. I mean, I'm only twelve and you've barely turned thirteen. I know it's not weird for a girl your age to get married since you're royalty, but I mean, I don't have that background." I realized I was stuttering a bit.

"Art, I know you well enough and right now, you're just making excuses. You and I both know I didn't mean we should get married right away. I... I just want things to progress. Even back in Elenoir, you al ways treated me like I was younger than you. It's been almost eight years since then, Art... I have a lot to learn, but I don't consider my self such a child anymore." Her stern gaze softened as she tried to reason with me.

"It's because I've known you since we were both children that it's harder for me to see you as anything more-at least right now, Tess. And it hasn't even been that long since we reconnected after such a long time apart." I could hear my arguments sounding more and more like petty excuses, but I stood my ground.

Tess's hair covered her face as she looked at the ground. She suddenly sprang to her feet, her face red and tense, as if on the verge of tears.

"So you're telling me that, all this time, you haven't once thought of me as anything more than a childhood friend?" she asked through pursed lips.

I averted my eyes, unable to meet her gaze.

I didn't know how to respond. Of course there had been times when I'd had to ask myself if I was reciprocating the feelings Tess had for me back then, but my conscience had firmly stopped me. While I had spent twelve years in this body, acting-for the most part-my age, I still had memories of the near-forty years I had spent in my previous life. I had memories of the children at the orphanage where I had grown up calling me 'Uncle' when I visited, and I couldn't help but picture Tess as one of those kids.

"I see," she whispered, taking my silence as the answer. She whipped around and stomped off toward the door of the training facility.

As she opened the door, she said without turning around, "You know, Arthur, you're so confident about so many things-magic, fighting, using your brain. You're so confident in all these things you do because you're good at them. But you know what? There are things you're not good at. You're not good at confronting your feelings. You always put on a mask and pretend you're happy or unaffected when you can't handle a certain situation. I think in that sense, you're a lot less mature

than you make yourself out to be. You're just using your confidence in your strengths to mask your insecurities about the things you know you're not good at."

The door closed behind her, and I was left with an eerie silence that not even the sound of the waterfall could cover.

'Papa's a dummy.' Sylvie curled up a few yards away, turning her back to me.

I sat in front of the pond, stunned by Tess's last words. I had to admit that in some ways, maybe she was more mature than I was. Even in my past life, aside from being a great fighter, I wasn't a very impressive man. I had the charisma and character to appeal to the masses, but when it came to interpersonal relationships, I considered myself mediocre on a good day. I grew up avoiding long-lasting relationships, seeing them as nothing more than a burden that could eventually be used against me. In order to be the best, I had to have no weaknesses, and having a lover would have eventually led to my demise.

I'd come to realize this even more strongly since coming into this world. Having a family that I would happily die for reminded me of how truly weak I was. If someone were to kidnap anyone of my family members, no matter how strong I personally was, I would be at their beck and call.

The thought of having a lover, someone I could call my other half, was a wonderful thing, but it was also something that truly scared me. After clipping the bracelet that sealed my fire- and water-attributes back onto my arm, I made my way back to the surface and headed to ward my next class. How was I supposed to face Tess in my Team Fighting Mechanics class? Even Sylvie was pouting on top of my head because I'd made Tess angry.

"Good to have you back, Art." Claire ran up to me and gave me a firm slap on the back, making me stagger a bit.

"Are you feeling better?" Curtis asked when he caught up to us, Grawder following behind him.

"I'll probably have to sit out for a few more classes, but I'm okay," I replied, giving him a weak smile as we arrived at the field.

"Good to see you walking, Mr. Leywin!" Professor Glory beamed when she spotted the three of us. She had begun to walk over to us when a rather malicious intent sent a chill down my spine.

Looking back over my shoulder, I spotted Lucas, a harsh look on his face as he took big, confident strides toward us.

I matched my gaze to his, neither of us looking away as he approached me. Grabbing my shirt by the collar, he pulled me close to his face.

"I think we need a rematch." His effeminate face was twisted into a vicious scowl, his nose only a few inches away from mine.

With my face stone cold and my eyes locked to his, I replied, "This is a pretty rude way to ask for something." I gripped his wrist hard enough to make his hand lose strength, but I didn't stop there. I surged a blast of mana at the boy, making his knees give out.

Grimacing in pain, Lucas mumbled inaudibly and conjured orange flames with his free palm, ready to fire at me.

"That's enough!" Professor Glory roared as she shoved her sheathed sword between us.

"Arthur, go rest in the viewing platform. You're not to take part in any activities in this class until you're fully healed-Director Goodsky's orders. As for you, Lucas, you need to calm down. Whether you want to settle your petty grudge with a fight or with a hug, do it after Arthur is fully healed. Now is not the time." She let out a sigh as she nudged me toward the viewing platform. I headed back with a begrudging nod, trying not to let my limp show.

As I walked, my eyes unconsciously searched for Tess, but she was nowhere to be found. "Professor Glory, where's Princess Tessia?"

"She stopped by not too long before you came, saying she wasn't feeling well. She said she would make up class somehow, but she seemed off so Clive took her back to her dorm. Why? Did you need her for something?" Professor Glory asked.

I shook my head. "Just wondering."

"You can get up to the viewing platform without starting another fight, right? Just rest up for a couple more days." She placed a gentle hand on my shoulder before running back off toward the rest of the class.

I watched the class split up into teams, assuming specific formations to confront various circumstances. In scenarios like sieging, conjurers played a crucial role, so augmenters got into a much more defensive position, focusing solely on protecting the long-range casters. In scenarios where guerilla fights were necessary, only one or two augmenters remained close to the conjurer as the rest went off on their own.

We were only a week into class so it was very basic, but it was obvious that Professor Glory knew what she was doing. The class grasped the lessons well and even managed to have fun. It was a nice sight to see but my mind strayed off to the scene with Tess. I didn't regret the things I had said, but I had to question whether I had actually said them well.

My next class was the one I was looking forward to the most: Deviant Magic Theory. Our professor, Professor Drywell, placed utmost importance on covering the basics first, so to my dismay, even after a week had passed, she was barely addressing the foundation of deviant magic.

"Whenever deviant magic is involved, the mana cost of even simple spells increases significantly. Why do you think that is? It's because deviant magic, as its name indicates, is deviant from the natural elemental mana pool that is available in our world. The mana that surrounds us is made up of only fire, wind, earth, and water mana. Deviant magic, which comes from the higher forms of these four elements, has a much greater cost compared to the four original elements because there is no such thing as lightning, plant, gravity, metal, magma, sound, or ice mana surrounding us in the atmosphere. In order to pro duce these phenomena in our spells, we must be able to directly alter their parent element and manipulate it into its deviant form." Professor Drywell was a very aged lady, and although she seemed like a nice quiet grandmother, she never stopped talking.

"But Professor," an older girl spoke up, "gravity, lightning, metal, magma, sound, plants, and ice all exist naturally in our world as well. So why doesn't our world produce these types of mana?"

"Good question, young one. Honestly, no one knows for sure why that is. Many mana theorists believe that because a certain set of conditions must be met for those deviant elements to occur, mana directly correlated to them does not exist," Professor Drywell explained as she paced around the lecture hall. "Then there are always exceptions such as fire, which certainly does not just spontaneously manifest without cause. Perhaps that is why most mages believe fire to be the highest form of normal magic, because it is so close to being deviant magic it self.

"Deviant magic that strays even further from the four main forms of elemental mana in our world comes at even a greater cost. All of you know what emitters are-they are healers, essentially. The mana that they utilize does not fall under the category of water, earth, fire, or wind. Instead, I would dare say that there exists a holy element-or light element, to be more accurate. Emitters gain little benefit from absorbing mana from the atmosphere because there is no light-element mana in our world. Instead, they work to condense and purify the mana that forms in their mana core so that even when less mana is used, there is still a substantial effect on their spells." I could tell Professor Drywell was running out of steam because her voice was getting breathier.

After she finished the day's lesson, we had a short Q&A session, but no one really had any questions to ask-perhaps out of fear that the class would never finish. Eventually, Professor Drywell released us and I trudged on to my last class, Spell Formations I.

Most of the students in this class were conjurers, but some of the smarter augmenters also knew they could improve their skills by taking the course. Our teacher, Professor Mayner, was a scholarly-looking man who wore a monocle and, over his suit, a white gown. His hair was parted down the middle, and his moustache was well-trimmed "Welcome, students. I was notified by Director Goodsky that a student named Arthur Leywin will begin joining us for class, am I correct?" He looked around, his monocle catching the glare from the light in the classroom.

"Yes, I'm Arthur Leywin. A pleasure to be here." I gave a small bow and he nodded in approval.

"Very well. You did not miss anything too important, Mr. Leywin. We were going over the different types of spell formations, from individual spell incantations to group spell formations. Care to tell us what you know about spell formations?" He adjusted his monocle as he approached me, his back straight.

"To my knowledge, spell formations are the conjoining and/or altering of basic spells and skills in order to produce a different effect, whether that be to the user himself, or the specific point in space the spell was invoked," I answered.

"A most solid answer indeed, Mr. Leywin. Very good." He clapped his hands once, then went back to the front of the class where he began the lesson.

"I would first like you all to imagine a scenario. Imagine a world where everyone could read everyone's mind. The fleeting thoughts that can make even the purest man seem perverse or the kindest woman seem cruel are all laid out in the open for others to read. I believe such a world would be home to the best mages ever known." The class waited, confused, for the professor to make his point, but he moved on.

"I'll come back to this later, but for now: Why do conjurers and even augmenters chant spells? It is not the words that invoke the spell or technique. Rather, the words influence the caster's consciousness, filling his mind with the correct 'suggestion,' if you will, which molds the mana into the desired spell." The sound of everyone furiously scribbling in their notebooks filled the room.

Professor Mayner was a great speaker and knew how to keep the class engaged with the material he taught.

"To give a rather humorous example, if I were to say to a girl who liked me, 'I have always loved you,' you can bet there would be some sort of reaction from her. The 'incantation'-which was 'I have always loved you'-triggers the response, or the 'spell,' from her, whether that is blushing, crying, a smile, etcetera." Several classmates chuck led while some elbowed their friends jokingly at the metaphor, but I winced.

"All in all, if the caster can control his consciousness to mold the mana into his desired spell, then incantations can be greatly shortened -or they might not even be needed at all. The reason augmenters don't need to focus so much on chanting is because the spells they cast almost always directly involve the use of their own body. Conjurers, on the other hand, cast much more precise and complicated spells, where such incantations help to protect against a stray thought or dis traction, which can entirely change the results of the intended spell. For example, instead of placing a fire shield in front of an ally, one might accidentally ignite a conflagration which consumes the ally.

"This is why I said that if there was a world where everyone could read each other's minds, that world would also have the greatest of magicians. Why? Because they would have absolute control over their thoughts."

Although the professor was a great lecturer, I wasn't able to focus. My mind kept shifting back to Tess and her parting words. Hiding my insecurities with my confidence...

Was that what I was doing? Was I using the fact that I was a lot better at magic than everyone else as an excuse to avoid confronting what I was actually bad at?

Perhaps I was being a hypocrite. I was going on about how I couldn't see Tess as anything more than a child, but I was actually the one who needed to grow up, at least in a certain sense. Building up my strengths didn't make up for my weak points; it only made them that much more noticeable by comparison.

Tess was young. She was also innocent, but that didn't mean she was ignorant. Maybe I was the ignorant one.

"Class is over! Have a great night, students. I shall see you all tomorrow."

As I walked back to my dorm, my mind was all over the place, and I al most tripped over myself several times.

Damn it.

I changed direction and headed to where the student council dorms were. Moving as fast as my body would take me, I arrived at a building that was much fancier than my dorm hall.

Now how do I find Tess? It's not like I can just shout out and call for her... 'Papa, Mama is over there.' Sylvie pointed with her paw, and without questioning, I ran in that direction.

"I'm telling you, I'm okay! Please, just let it go, Clive." I heard Tess's voice coming from the courtyard near the fountain.

"No! How dare that brat make you cry? I knew he would only cause trouble. His poor upbringing is definitely the cause. I can't imagine why Director Goodsky even allowed the peasant into the academy- and as a disciplinary committee member, no less!" I could vaguely make out Clive's thin frame holding Tess by her wrist.

When Clive saw me approaching, his face contorted into a scowl. "What the hell do you think you're doing here? You dare try and meet with Princess Tessia after you've made her this unwell? If it were up to me, I'd kill you right now."

Ignoring the thin, stern-looking vice president, I looked at Tess, who turned away. "Tess, can I have a moment of your time?"

"Are you ignoring me?" Clive roared as he grabbed my shoulder. It was as if a fly was constantly buzzing around my ear, and I lost my patience. " Piss off, " I growled, bombarding him with mana as I had done with Lucas.

But I released a bit too much, and Clive was pushed back, stopping only after he tumbled into a nearby tree.

"You! What..." Clive was too flustered to produce anything more coherent.

"Stop. It's not worth causing a scene over." Tess stepped in between Clive and me and took my hand, leading me out of the courtyard. I tried to keep up with her quick steps but I nearly tripped, my injured body worn out from the hurried march across campus.

"Hold on, Tess. We're going too fast. I'm still hurt," I managed to say between gasps.

"Oh, I'm so sorry." Tess glanced back, her stern expression softening for just a second.

In an alley between the director's office and the student council's dorm, she finally stopped. After she let go of my hand, Tess took a step back and waited for me to catch my breath.

"Well? What do you want?" she asked, her gaze fierce.

"Tess. There were a lot of truths in what you said to me earlier. To a certain extent, I think I did know how you felt about me but I was al ways afraid to face it. Magic and fighting are so much simpler. The more you train, the better you get, and the better outcome you see. Emotions like this don't work that way, especially for me." I looked at Tess but her expression didn't change.

"Maybe you think I was making excuses when I said we were too young, but that's really how I feel. Maybe you think you're ready and maybe you are, but I know I'm not. I understand that we're close in age, but everyone matures at a different pace." My mind worked furiously, trying to come up with the words to make Tess understand with out telling her I didn't feel right going out with her when I had a mental age over forty. "I care about you and I missed you when I came back home-I should've said this earlier and I'm sorry I didn't, but I hope you don't hate me for what I'm about to say."

"You're beating around the bush," Tess responded, her expression softening.

"I can't have a relationship with you right now," I said firmly. Tess raised a brow. "Right now?"

"Maybe when we're older?" The statement came out sounding more like a question.

My childhood friend clicked her tongue, crossing her arms. "You say that like you think I'm going to wait for you. Anyway, I bet you just want to make time to find some other girl."

My mind immediately pictured a thirteen-year-old me locking arms with a woman the same age as my mother, and I shook my head.

"I won't be dating anyone anytime soon," I reassured her.

"How do you know? How am I supposed to trust that you're not going to go and fall for someone else even if I do wait for you? I'm not sure you've noticed but I can be really selfish. If you say all this now and then go out and carry on with some other girl..." Tess's voice trailed off and she began to tremble. "I'd rather you just say you don't see me as anything other than a friend than-"

I shut off my conscience for one second, long enough to manage a light peck on her lips. I suppressed the inner voice that screamed in disapproval and backed away from Tess, my face burning, truly feeling like a twelve-year-old boy in that moment.

"I hope this will buy me some time, because that's about the limit of what I can do," I said, unable to look Tess in the eye.

There was no reply, so I took a peek up-only to see Tess in a daze, her eyes glossed over as her middle and index fingers touched her lips. "Tess?" I whispered.

She blinked and quickly removed her fingers from her lips. "Fine. But you'd better watch out-I'm pretty popular. If you make me wait too long, someone else is going to take me!"

"Deal." I smiled in relief at finally sorting things out with Tess-then she suddenly went up on her toes and kissed me on the cheek.

I drew back, surprised. "Tess, I thought I said-"

"Don't worry, stupid. That was just a thank-you for saving me in class last week." She stuck out her tongue before turning around and running off into her dorm.

Sylvie, who had witnessed everything from atop my head, snickered. Zip it, Sylv.

Letting out a deep breath, I walked back to my dorm. I wondered if Tess was willing to wait a few years-or even a decade-but I chose not to think about it any longer.

Tomorrow's problems will be solved by tomorrow's me.
