## UNIFIED YEAR 1976 EDITION OF DR. BAXTER'S RECORD OF THE EASTERN FRONT

Every historian knows that the Lergen Kampfgruppe was a ghost on the eastern front.

The oral histories all seem to indicate that the unit did, in fact, exist. It's rare for someone who served on the eastern front at the time to not know the name.

Imperial, Federation, and even Commonwealth soldiers continue to speak of the distinguished Lergen Kampfgruppe-of its stunning achievements, the brilliant feats and undying wartime exploits.

At risk of being uncouth, they were glorious given the context of their existence. They and only they managed easy victories no matter where they fought. Call them heroes-or to be poetic: legends.

Most would expect this legendary Kampfgruppe to be universally praised. But that's not what happened. Everyone knows them, and yet nobody knows them.

The Lergen Kampfgruppe's true nature is shrouded in mystery. To this day, even the few survivors who say they were members aren't sure what the truth is. One reason for that is surely the extreme rate of attrition on the eastern front.

Of the Lergen Kampfgruppe's order of battle, almost none of the units made it to the end of the war. On paper, the Kampfgruppe was wiped out apart from a mere handful of survivors.

That wasn't unusual on the eastern front.

Undeniably terrible, but it wasn't exceptional. The war, the eastern front-it was just that kind of animal. That's how bitter the fighting was.

One returnee spat, "Hearing about it isn't enough to understand." He snapped at me with a broken look in his eyes. "It was an extreme environment where corpses of friend and foe alike got tangled in the mud only for the armoured units to churn them all up with their treads. Then the aerial mages burned what was left, and to top it off, airplanes constantly fought over the sky. I'll never forget the smell that hung in the air."

Still, the depth of the Lergen Kampfgruppe's mystery can be summed up with the word abnormal.

It's not as if there are no records. Its commander, Colonel (at the time) von Lergen, was a respectable staff officer whose existence is confirmed.

He was a verified officer of the General Staff.

Knowing that he served under the two ravens Zettour and Rudersdorf for a long time in the field of operations, the hard fight he put up on the front lines should come as no surprise.

But the records of his era are notorious among scholars of history for critical lapses so numerous as to be strange.

Colonel von Lergen's post-war rank seems to suggest a deep connection between the Lergen Kampfgruppe and him, but the connection itself is incredibly unclear.

## APRIL 22, UNIFIED YEAR 1927, EASTERN FRONT, A CERTAIN IMPERIAL ARMY MARSHALING POINT

Unexpected is probably the best way to describe it...

The 203rd Aerial Mage Battalion's retreat went rather smoothly. The anticipated Federation pursuit was surprisingly sluggish, and the battalion completed its withdrawal to the designated line of retreat without a hitch last night.

While taking a simple rest and even getting maintenance done on our orbs, we still have the wherewithal to grimace at some ersatz coffee and spread plenty of margarine on rye bread that was allowed to rise properly. If I say it that way, is the leisurely pace we're taking here conveyed properly?

Additionally, once order is reestablished, the organization's power can be wielded much more successfully. On this point, the ones who benefit the most are the Salamander Kampfgruppe and the 203rd Aerial Mage Battalion at its core. This is obvious, given how the unit was formed. Created to serve as the hands and feet of the General Staff, a strike force with special emphasis on rapid response and mobility will receive the highest priority. We're even capable of sending personnel to a depot to receive supplies if need be, though that would be nonstandard operating procedure.

The combination of a convenient air route and a rail network means aid can arrive much swifter than Tanya could have wished for.

"Captain Ahrens, reporting! We're here to link up with the main force!"

The armoured officer with a cheeky expression on his face is the definition of dashing. With his well-fitting uniform topped with his crumpled crusher cap, he cuts the classic figure of a tank man. Compared to Tanya, who is covered in mud and fed up, he must have had a more pleasant trip.

But the fact that he has come at all makes everything forgivable.

"We've been waiting for you, Captain!"

As they exchange salutes, Tanya and the rest of the aerial magic officers breathe sighs of relief. They're all so excited for reinforcements that everyone, aside from First Lieutenant Grantz, who was already on duty, jumped up and raced over. Even straitlaced Weiss is slapping Ahrens on the shoulder with a big grin on his face.

"Finally, reinforcements." Cracking a smile, Tanya expresses her genuine feelings. "It's incredibly reassuring, isn't it, Major Weiss?"

"Yes, it certainly is. Things just felt unbalanced with only the aerial mage battalion."

Letting the armoured troops take care of anti-tank combat, as is their job, lessens the burden on us dramatically. It was a great king who once said that artillery turns an ugly brawl into a war. Tanks are surely similar.

"And the others? How long do you think it'll take for them to meet us?"

"The guns and infantry are supposed to be coming behind us, but... I'm afraid I don't know the details."

"Ah, but just knowing they're on their way makes me feel better."

"Oh, I have one other related report. We ran into Lieutenant Colonel Uger from the General Staff, whom we met during our reassignment, and he gave us a message for you."

Oh? Tanya's face shifts in curiosity. What kind of message would Colonel Uger go out of his way to leave with Captain Ahrens?

"And the contents?"

"They're dispatching a wave of reinforcements to the Kampfgruppe."

"As long as he's not just saying that."

Regardless of what she says, feeling slightly guilty, she knows that Uger is a specialist of integrity. She doesn't want to expect too much, but she figures it's all right to hope.

"Anyhow, what's our status?"

"What you see is what you get, Captain Ahrens."

"That's right." Tanya nods. "It's bad. Everything's in terrible disarray. I'll let Major Weiss fill you in on the rest. Get the details from him."

Both officers acknowledge their orders. Tanya has complete faith in the two of them. Their personalities and tastes may be hawkish, but she has no qualms about their abilities.

"What are you going to do, Colonel?"

"Oversee the fortification of our position here with Lieutenant Serebryakov. It's a pain that these guys in the east know nothing but trench warfare, and we have to think about what to do when the chain of command falls apart."

As Captain Ahrens watched Lieutenant Colonel von Degurechaff leave with her adjutant, he commented with a wry smile. "She's worried about the chain of command falling apart?"

Of course, he couldn't deny the possibility, but... While it did make sense that the Imperial Army, which employed decapitation tactics, would be wary of falling prey to those exact tactics...

"The colonel worries so much."

"According to the colonel, though, we'd probably be categorized as idiots who let our guard down too much, right, Captain Ahrens?"

"What do you mean?"

His blank stare was met with Major Weiss's dead-serious expression.

"During a fighting retreat we participated in before you arrived, we ended up defending a strongpoint. There, we saw the senior officer of a friendly unit get blown up along with his whole HQ."

"... That's awful. It's like they're playing games with us."

To get turned into a punching bag... It couldn't have been a very fun time. Weiss nodded at Ahrens's quiet comment.

"We're not in a position to pick and choose. The colonel's policy of doing our best no matter the circumstances is a roundabout way to avoiding trouble as much as possible."

"Yeah. Let's do what we can."

"That's the spirit."

As they nodded, they both sighed.

"Even grumbling is a pretty rough time in this unit. It'd be different if we at least had a few cigarettes."

"Oof, Captain Ahrens, you have no idea how much I envy you."

"Why's that?" But he realized almost immediately. "Oh, you're not allowed to smoke."

"Yeah." Weiss nodded. "Under the colonel, smoking's prohibited. Our lungs won't last otherwise. In the past, orb performance was the greatest limiting factor. no one used to fly so high."

Major Weiss was an aerial mage. A job where if he burned out his lungs, it would come back to bite him. It wasn't as if smoking got you any points before the war, but nowadays, unless an aerial mage was a truly serious believer in nicotine, cigarettes were a luxury they went without.

"The progress of technology is remarkable. The armoured units have seen similar developments. Our main guns used to be peashooters!" Ahrens laughed, and Weiss seemed to agree wholeheartedly.

"I recently saw something similar. I heard today that unless rookies can aim for the tank treads, there's no hope of even delaying the enemy."

"But surely you and the colonel are different. You're probably sick of destroying Federation tanks by now!"

"No, just fed up with how tough their armor is. Even for the vets of the 203rd Aerial Mage Battalion, punching through the defense of their main battle tanks is a feat."

It didn't used to be so hard to destroy tanks. Ahrens had heard it was a given that even if it took a bit of time, just about any aerial mage could defeat enemy armoured vehicles.

"There are only a few types left that we can pop as easily as opening a can."

"Yeah," Weiss replied, his face grim. "Aerial mages can perform some antitank combat, but our hands are pretty full with our main tasks... Anyhow, we've been chatting for a while now. Let's get you up to speed."

"Yep, thanks."

## APRIL 24, UNIFIED YEAR 1927, EASTERN FRONT, KAMPFGRUPPE'S TEMPORARY POST

Ordering everyone to stay alert, pointing out lapses in care, and taking every possible precaution to keep operations safe. It's only natural to do that as a commander, but making sure it filters down into the whole organization is difficult.

The task is hardest in the relief that comes once the dust settles and warm food is served. This is the moment the tension drains from everyone's shoulders. It's hard for soldiers not to feel like they've finally reached safety in the rear.

It cannot be overstated that in these moments, not a speck of battlefield tension remained in most of the Imperial Army units.

The troops were convinced that they'd succeeded in their retreat. Mistakes that stem from truth are the most insidious. This small victory relaxed the Imperial Army too much.

The alarm announcing the approach of a large Federation force only began to ring after the enemies were already quite close. Still, if the enemy is coming, everyone already knows what to do.

The troops dozing with their knapsacks as pillows are slapped awake, and it takes only an instant for them to leap to their stations.

"Enemy attack! Enemy attack!"

"All units to your posts!"

The duty officer races around yelling, and the troops whose light sleep has been cut short curse without restraint as they leap to their places in preestablished harmony.

"Obstructing our sleep? Fuck! Someday I'll sue them for being a public nuisance!"

Tanya is no exception. She heads for Kampfgruppe HQ, barking loud protests the whole way. The moment she reaches her command post, she knows what she needs to do.

"Status report!"

"It's a division at least, ma'am. Enemy attack."

"Shit, we're not even finished constructing our position yet! Don't people from the Federation know the etiquette for visiting someone?!"

The imperial fortifications are still incomplete. It sounds better if you say They're currently making every effort to finish it, but the truth is that they may or may not have managed to dig some spider holes-that's the level of progress we're talking about.

And that's not all because when it rains, it pours. We're suffering a rampant shortage of light machine guns on the eastern front. Neither the freezing winter nor the muddy spring has been kind to the standard-issue LMGs crafted for us in the home country.

The density of fire from the frontline units here is terribly low compared to what imperial forces were putting out on the western lines.

Under the circumstances, we can't expect the strongpoint to pin or stop the enemy completely, even if there are trenches. It's only natural that the commander of the defense would want to make up for the lacking firepower of the infantry by working the armoured troops and aerial mages extra hard.

"Colonel, it's the command post."

"Patch me through."

The only saving grace is that the chain of command is still functioning. Tanya can see clear benefits from unified command at the division level as a member of the organization.

"Aid the defense? Understood. The Salamander Kampfgruppe would like to provide support with armoured troops and fly strike missions with aerial mages. Do we have your approval?"

This is the negotiation stage of the briefing that needs to happen before everyone can get to work.

"This is CP. The left wing of defense line two is in the most critical condition. Can you shore them up?"

"We can, but it'll mean having the aerial mages stick around there."

"I realize it's a lot to ask, but please provide as much support as you can. I'd also like to request that you pull a company of aerial mages to use as reserves once the situation stabilizes."

It's not that she doesn't see what the CP is trying to do, but no commander is thrilled to get a proposal like that. Everyone wants to have reserves nearby.

"Salamander 01 to CP. I'm fine heading over there as backup, but it's unclear whether we'll have the extra troops, so I can't guarantee you any reserves."

"... Well, just if you can, then."

"I can't offer you something from nothing."

Luckily, the other side gives in, and the issue is neatly resolved. We don't even have much to spare, so I appreciate being able to conserve even a little.

It's the same reason there's a big difference between pushing the system to its limits and keeping some slight redundancy to ensure its overall health.

Now, then. Tanya puts down the receiver and, upon turning around, begins assembling sortie orders.

If there's any conversation more obnoxious than the one I just had, it'll be this next one. Tanya shifts her gaze to her tankman.

- "It's probably only the 203rd Aerial Mage Battalion that will attempt to

- attack, so, Captain Ahrens, your armor will be supporting the defense."

"Colonel?! We can head out there, too!"

It's the answer she expected. To be fair, anyone who doesn't have that attitude probably isn't cut out to be an armoured officer.

"I need the tanks on defense."

"But, ma'am!"

"Denied! Fire at the enemy and draw them in! If we don't leave a strike force inside the strongpoint, we won't be able to keep them in check!"

Ahrens makes his argument only for Tanya to flatly refuse it. A subordinate's assertiveness mustn't be praised unless the timing is right.

He learned how to fight tank battles on the eastern front; she needs him to understand and accept.

"... Yes, ma'am."

"Good." Tanya nods and then turns her gaze on her old hands. These guys can do any mission. They're reliable enough that she can leave this job up to them.

Time for war -she's about to grin when she notices Ahrens looking like he wants to mention something. Well, a superior officer's job is to listen to what their subordinates have to say.

"Captain, if you have something, go ahead and say it."

"Are you planning to sortie at full strength from the start? We don't currently have a complete picture of the enemy force's strength. I think scouting should maybe be priority..."

"Yes, that's right. The enemy unit's size is unclear, Captain Ahrens." As she adjusts her hat on her head with a boff, she nods with a wry smile. "If we don't know, we just have to go find out."

"So you're taking the entire battalion out for recon-in-force?"

"It's more of a search-and-destroy mission, but yes. Because," she continues bitterly, "we expect at minimum for there to be an artillery division."

"You mean divisional artillery?"

The way Ahrens's face twists up into a You've-got-to-be-kidding look as he repeats what she said is not entirely unreasonable. The threat that a division of artillery poses is in another dimension compared to divisional artillery.

"Unfortunately, it's not a misunderstanding." Tanya continues, "I can see you wishing you misheard, but what we're facing isn't comparable to divisional artillery. Be ready for a whole division's worth."

Boof -she gives him a punch in the stomach.

Later, Tanya will remember this moment bitterly and be glad that she said to prepare for the worst.

Not long after the mage unit sorties and begins their search, they pick up a large amount of communications. The signals should give a strong indication of where the enemy artillery unit is located, but they're encoded. Even so, specific repetitions are enough to get an indirect confirmation.

With a quick "Let's go!" Tanya leads her battalion in a beeline for the determined location... only to be confronted with the unfortunate reality that her predictions were correct.

Apparently, no expectations are more likely to be dead-on than the ones you wish were off. Setting aside whether it's statistically significant, Tanya is forced to see that her worst fears are quite reliable.

"Sheesh, I'm jealous. What beefy artillery support!"

What she's looking at in the distance as she comments quietly is the Federation position-and what a magnificently arranged artillery position it is. She can't help but hate how even the corps artillery battery is lined up in such an orderly way. A bombardment from that alone could be enough to annihilate our forces.

"Prepare for anti-artillery combat. This is officially an assault mission now."

A single order brings three formations to instantly appear, ready to strike. Their flight path will allow them to hit the enemy's position with an air-toground attack. Once they're in place, all that's left is the easy job of nailing the flammable shells on the ground with a few explosion formulas.

If we don't hit them hard enough... Tanya ventures to shout in a condescending tone. "Troops, we're gonna show them the kind of flying attack aerial mages are capable of! Now let's go!"

"03 to 01, there's an enemy mage unit!"

Tanya responds to her adjutant's warning with a grin-because of course there are enemy mages. It has always been natural that aerial mages provide air support for artillery. Whenever you see artillery, the first thing you do is go hunting for mages.

"Engage them! Take 'em apart!"

"I'm detecting a company of enemy troops, and it's headed this way!"

"Ha, is that all?"

It happens as she's murmuring what a small number that is to support a division of artillery-the far-off battery suddenly begins to fire.

This is the exact moment that I notice the elevation on the guns is weirdly high...

"The enemy artillery is aiming at us!"

At the shrieked warning, Tanya looks back to the artillery instinctively and notices the cannons are aiming awfully high.

Well, isn't that just luxurious as hell!

They've got anti-aircraft cannons mixed into their artillery position!

"I doubt they'll..."... hit us. She's about to grin wryly when she realizes: If we're up against curtain fire from anti-aircraft guns... they've probably already finished firing solutions for this airspace!

"Break! Increase altitude!"

The reason she gives the sudden warning is that she trusts her gut. You should always pay attention whenever you have a bad feeling about something.

Immediately after she has the unit veer off their strike path, the shells that burst below eerily scatter shrapnel where the mages just were moments ago.

"Timed fuses? Tsk, they're certainly prepared."

And on top of that, at the moment we break our formation to evade, the enemy mage company swoops in on us!

"Enemy mages charging!"

"Three rounds of explosion formulas! All companies open fire!"

Even if we outnumber them and surely aren't at a disadvantage in terms of training, it's not great that they've caught us off-balance. And considering how well the enemy troops seem to be cooperating, I'm hard-pressed to say I feel great about our current situation.

Tanya, a good person, has trouble understanding why the badder the guys, the more friends they have. Evil always comes in gangs.

"CP to Salamander 01-it's urgent!"

"This is Salamander 01-currently engaged. Shit, these guys don't let up!"

She casts an explosion formula on the heads of the charging enemy mages and dodges an optical sniping formula.

"CP, what's your urgent request?!"

"We've spotted another enemy battery! It's a rocket-launcher unit! They're setting up in the opposite direction of your current heading, and if they open fire, our position will be completely suppressed! Take it out as soon as you can!"

Charging into one artillery division is bad enough, but now there's another one? Even if your philosophy is that more is better, the Federation's idea of "more" is astonishing.

"Don't be ridiculous! We're in the middle of taking out one position right now!"

"If we're under a blanket of rocket fire, the armoured units won't be able to do a thing. Colonel, please."

"CP, this is Salamander 01... send the details."

Swallowing the expletives is a challenge. But Tanya asks for the details out of her sense of duty. It has to get done...

"Major Weiss! You heard them! We're splitting the unit in two."

"They're asking an awful lot, huh? We'll do all we can!"

"I'll leave a company with you! Stay here and keep bullying these guys! I don't expect anything more than harassment! Feel free to go nuts, but don't overextend yourselves!"

"Understood!"

"The rest of you, follow me. We're going hunting for self-propelled rocket launchers. Prepare for a search-and-destroy mission. It's a damn busy day, but make sure you get your jobs done!"

## APRIL 26, UNIFIED YEAR 1927, EASTERN FRONT, FOLLOWING THE START OF THE FEDERATION'S SECOND OFFENSIVE

Enemies, enemies, enemies. Wave after wave of them as far as the eye can see. It's a surge of pressure no less terrible than anything seen on the Rhine front.

A massive waste of matériel.

The profitless enterprise of war.

An idiotic battle of human-capital attrition.

When you fight so hard to repel them, refusing to be crushed, only for their energy to never flag or waver, even the hardiest soldier has no choice but to recoil from their fierce attacks.

And if you succeed in repelling them, the feeling that remains is far from joyful. It hardly feels like a victory; you just get the dimmest sense that you were able to defend.

Later, while wandering the battlefield snatching up the gear the enemy left behind or cleaning up and working on rebuilding the line, it's very noticeable even if you wish it wasn't... how all sorts of the enemy's plentiful gear has to be deemed "origin unknown."

"This is strange. It can't be that...," Tanya grumbles as she gazes at the abandoned Federation Army tanks that dot the landscape just as the report from the defending troops described.

The presence of Commonwealth tanks doesn't bug her so much. As a hostile country, it's not so out of the ordinary for their equipment to be on the eastern front. But what about the tanks from the catalogs of "neutral countries" sitting out there?

"Huh? Who even knows where these tanks are from!"

The ominous word lend-lease[2] crosses my mind.

I knew it. I anticipated this. But the shock of actually seeing it is impossible to describe.

It's not fair, I want to say.

I hope you rot, I want to curse.

No, wait. Tanya notices a strange feeling mixed in with her distress. Curse? You mean a libertarian like me thought to rely on a supernatural power?

Of all the-! She can't help but shudder.

Are my thoughts being contaminated by God, the devil, or some similar notion?

That's erasure of me as a modern individual.

When I think about how I might have taken a step closer toward the negation of my dignity, free will, and determination-a denial of everything that matters to me-all I feel is fear.

It's so horrible that simply suppressing the urge to vomit is a struggle.

Wishing is just too superstitious. If I'm going to end up on the side of the cackling Being X, it'd be better to blow my brains out.

Still, even while Tanya draws a clear line between praying and wishing, she can't help but hope.

Our reinforcements had better arrive tomorrow, as scheduled.

## APRIL 27, UNIFIED YEAR 1927, IN A VILLAGE NEAR THE FRONT LINES OF THE EAST

A rare visitor. That is Tanya's first impression of the colonel wearing the brilliant insignia of the General Staff.

That said, she's happy to see him.

Colonel von Lergen has come to the quagmire of the eastern front bearing coffee beans and reinforcements. Only someone out of their mind who hates coffee and wants to monopolize the war would be unwelcoming.

In other words, someone the exact opposite of extremely sensible Tanya. She doesn't imagine she could understand them.

So Tanya welcomes the incoming troops with a huge smile. Naturally, she doesn't forget to return-with textbook style-the salutes of the officers leading the column.

"I feel like it's been ages, Captain Meybert, Lieutenant Tospan, Lieutenant Wüstemann." Tanya grins as if to say, Nice work making it back, and then extends her respects to the colonel. "I owe you thanks for guiding them."

"What? No, it's fine. I have business here anyhow."

"On the forward-most line of the eastern front?"

"That's right."

It's not rare for a member of the General Staff to come observe things in the field, but Tanya stiffens up- Wait a minute -and Lergen lowers his voice.

"I need to talk to you. Is there somewhere we won't be disturbed?"

"Sure, one moment."

She doesn't even have to wonder what's up. It must be important. Seems like anti-espionage operations are high priority as well. Though she wanted to brief the troops herself, she can leave that to her subordinates.

With that settled, Tanya raises her voice. "Officers, gather up! Major Weiss, Captain Ahrens, fill in the returnees on the frontline situation! Lieutenant Grantz, you're on duty while they're doing that!"

The snappy, disciplined response is encouraging.

"Lieutenant Serebryakov, follow me."

"Yes, ma'am!"

I've participated in exercises where we practiced tactical operations without troops on military maps while General Staff oversaw us, but come to think of it, this is my first time getting a lecture from such a high-ranking staff officer as Colonel von Lergen.

I have to stay on my toes, thinks Tanya as she tenses up again.

"All right, let's take a walk. This way, Colonel. Allow me to show you the front line."

With her adjutant guarding their rear, Tanya leads the way, heading for the aftermath of the battlefield that had only just calmed down after the recent fierce battle.

She's confident she can protect one colonel, but... she's still anxious that there could be snipers or remnants of the defeated troops lurking about-it's bad for Tanya's heart.

That said, they've mopped up already. Since a certain degree of safety is guaranteed, she gives him a rough explanation, describing the lay of the land while beginning to expand on how they're preparing for the next defensive battle.

This kind of report is rather normal, but since they're on the forward-most line, there is wreckage of destroyed weapons and such all around.

Perfect. She points out one of their most challenging foes. "... This is a defeated Federation main battle tank."

"Hrm?" Lergen's eyes pop. He must be fairly perceptive.

Happy for the opportunity, he approaches, shaking his head as he examines the armor itself. "... I've seen it on paper before, but in real life, the armor is surprisingly thick."

"It can defeat most attacks. According to my armoured officer, even our tank guns can't penetrate unless it's at awfully close range."

"Makes sense." Lergen grimly nods. "At this rate, most of the active main battle tanks will need to be downgraded to reserves. The pressure to upgrade is increasing."

Tanya and Visha maintain a respectful silence while Lergen openly heaves a sigh.

"They may be our enemies, but... I envy them. They still have this much energy to spare? To think they can develop and commit new tanks like this..."

Clong-clong -Lergen raps on the armor with a knuckle. His comments reveal his perspective on the situation as someone coming from the rear. That said, it's probably the viewpoint of any staff officer confronted with the need to update primary equipment of whole armies.

"Have you fought one of these things yourself?"

"I've battled similar tanks several times," Tanya responds, inviting Lergen's follow-up.

"So what's your honest evaluation of them, having faced them before? Your personal opinion is fine."

"The skilled members of the 203rd Aerial Mage Battalion can just barely break through the top armor. Current anti-tank doctrine won't cut it anymore. We should assume that the ability of a normal aerial mage unit to combat tanks has been severely limited."

"No doubt about that. So they can even repel 57 mm shells, then?" He winces, mentioning in passing that he read that titbit in a report. Lergen is an observer with integrity. He has no shortage of imagination and is capable of revising mistaken preconceptions. Truly a model staff officer.

Which is why Tanya feels safe offering a bit of her personal opinion. "I'm not even sure 88 mm could do it. It's an evolution of dinosaurs, but everything on the eastern front does change abnormally fast."

"So just reading the briefs isn't enough. You really can't get a sense for things unless you come out and see it for yourself. They say the devil is in the details, but the field has a quality all its own."

"What the General Staff needs is experience on the front. With all due respect, this is a trap that those of superior caliber are especially liable to fall into. Smart people tend to understand things intellectually first and foremost."

"A sensible thing to say." Lergen nods. "You're absolutely correct. Assuming you understand without proof is terrible. Knowing and experiencing are two very different things. Well said, Colonel."

"I'm honoured to have you say so, sir."

"And this is exactly why I have a favor to ask of you."

When he flicks his eyes toward her adjutant, Tanya knows what to do.

After waving off her adjutant with a "Leave us, please," she takes a cautious glance around, but nothing is out of the ordinary.

And since they're talking in low voices behind the wreckage of a tank, eavesdropping probably isn't an issue.

"So may I ask what the secret is?"

"Feel free to consider this a personal request. Just don't tell anyone."

Tanya straightens up, and Lergen, openly hesitant, broaches the matter.

"I'd like to ask you to look after a guest, Colonel."

"A guest?"

"Yes, that's right... A military observer."

Hrm? Tanya cocks her head. Should a provisional unit like the Kampfgruppe be taking observers?

But that question is obliterated the moment she hears what Lergen says next.

"It's a colonel from Ildoa."

"A military observer? A colonel?!"

Unlike Colonel von Lergen, Lieutenant Colonel Tanya von Degurechaff is an officer in the field, so she says what she needs to say without reservation.

"Colonel von Lergen, we're a Kampfgruppe."

"I know that, of course. And?"

"You don't get it. To be frank, I'd ask that you consider Eastern Army Headquarters or at least Divisional HQ instead."

"It's too difficult?"

In response, Tanya nods deeply and shoots back, "With all due respect, do you mean to say it's easy?"

The Kampfgruppe, by its nature, is a temporary unit. It doesn't have a permanent headquarters, and it was never supposed to. The silver lining is that the core of the unit, the 203rd Aerial Mage Battalion, has so many officers that she can use them as staff.

In other words, everything runs smoothly thanks to all the effort put in on the ground-essentially unpaid overtime. It's obvious that if they suddenly have to look after an important visitor, they'll be overworked.

"We don't have extra personnel in the Kampfgruppe. And since it's unclear when or if we'll ever get replenished, taking proper care of an observer is..."

"It must be out of the question."

It's less difficult and more impossible.

Tanya tries to state her case clearly, but she's unable to finish when she hears Lergen say that.

So if you get it, then... She glares at him before she can stop herself and is caught entirely off guard by his response.

"Even so, I have to ask this of you."

"Ask?! Forgive me, but you, a colonel, are asking me, a lieutenant colonel?!" The reply is out of Tanya's mouth before she knows it. She's never seen Lergen bow his head before.

He's a General Staff officer, a hotshot from central, not to mention an elite on track to become a general. Of all the things he could do, he's bowing?

Tanya shakes her head, confused. "Please excuse me, but are you telling me this isn't an order from the General Staff?"

"Not officially."

Once he says that, she's even more bothered. She has no idea what the colonel is trying to get at.

"This is a strange thing to ask, but... could you please speak candidly? What in the world is going on?"

"... That's a natural question to have. Well, where do I start...? But you're right -I should be frank. Colonel von Degurechaff... starting today, I've been appointed the commander of a mobile task force above the Salamander Kampfgruppe."

Tanya doesn't even try to hide how ridiculous she thinks the news is and snaps, "I haven't heard a thing about that. Personnel is making that kind of move now?"

"Yes. The paperwork is all done. Written orders have been issued."

That's the efficiency of someone who's spent time in the General Staff. This is the kind of familiarity with the organization's regulations that earns a military bureaucrat so much honor.

But that flawless adherence to procedure gives her pause as well.

"... That's awfully efficient."

If they were really so thorough, Tanya should have heard something. Communication is fundamental to an organization. A talented military bureaucrat should know how to avoid causing malfunctions in the lower ranks by keeping everyone appraised of their plans and thoughts.

The fact that Tanya didn't get word of it at all means either that failed to happen or purposely wasn't done...

In other words, there must be some reason behind it. In which case, it's simple. Tanya has a general idea of what's going on.

"It'd be great if you could share the truth with me and not just your official cover..."

"You always get straight to the point, don't you?" Lergen winces.

Tanya feels bad for him, but this is important, so she closes in a step and asks, "Could you tell me what this has to do with the Ildoan officer? Wait a minute. Sending an officer here as a personal request is..."

What if the Lergen Kampfgruppe was set to take the observer...? He would never be able to hide his tracks with this farce of saying the guy's just an observer... What if he's not hiding it, and we're all partners in crime? Then it would make sense...

What could be the reason? Why is that necessary?

As that line of thought nears the critical point- Ohhh -a hypothesis springs into being.

"I'll ask you straight. Is this about diplomatic negotiations? Are you, a General Staff officer, planning to perform them? "

"... This war can't go on any longer. Can't we agree that it has to end at some point?"

That's essentially saying yes!

"I heard about your argument regarding the necessity of an immediate end to the war from Lieutenant Colonel Uger. I'd like it if you could think of this as a related parting-gift-plus-covert operation."

"... So accepting the observer plays a role in the negotiations?"

"We're expecting a handsome reward. It wouldn't hurt to spend a little quality time with our Ildoan friends, would it?"

"What does General von Zettour think about all this?"

"Probably, 'Show them what's going on.' "

"They say a picture is worth a thousand words, but..."

"Show the peace-addled Ildoans the military might of the Silver Wings."

"May I say something?" Tanya cuts in.

He's calling it battlefield observation, but this person would actually be a guest. It would be best to show them a neat and tidy Imperial Army. In fact, if that's one of the main goals and they don't take it seriously, I'm somewhat worried about the upbraiding that might come from the homeland.

"I'm sure you're aware that they call me Rusted Silver..."

"It's not as if you're advancing by wildly spilling the blood of your allies. Don't worry about it." He laughs, and Tanya smiles wryly, thinking how bold he's gotten.

"With all due respect, Colonel. Human lives are precious irrespective of friend or foe."

"You surprise me, Colonel. Let me be frank. I had no idea you were a humanist. When did you convert?"

"That's a malicious misunderstanding. I'm nothing other than a decent individual who was born full of affection for mankind."

"In that case, the least you can do is exercise some neighbourly love and demonstrate what someone with the Silver Wings is capable of. The Imperial Army has got to show our ally just what sort of army we are."

This should go over well is Lergen's tone, and the way he nods makes her feel as though she doesn't need to worry. Or actually, maybe she does?

"Is this gunboat diplomacy?"

Lergen grins in response to her question. "It's a gesture of friendship toward a pal who's in a bit of a precarious spot."

So the idea is to give them a stern warning.

Lergen may not be aware of it himself, but between the chilling smile about his lips and his frigid eyes, he's the spitting image of the ideal General Staff officer. As usual, he's a prime example of how even a good individual can be a member of an evil organization.

"Ooh, how terrifying. I can't help but shake in my boots."

"We're looking out for our ally, Colonel."

In what way is this looking out for someone? Even if Tanya asks, he'll tell her it's a state secret. The risk of touching something sensitive is too great. She just nods vaguely and casually shifts the conversation toward impending practical matters.

"So? How long am I supposed to have this guy?"

"Basically, the General Staff wants to make it look like everyone involved in the negotiations is present on the eastern front. We can get a lot of things moving on the pretext of entertaining him."

"So it'll be a while, then?"

"There will be a slew of phantom commanders, bureaucrats, and staffers joining the Lergen Kampfgruppe, and they're going to raise some hell."

At first glance, the response doesn't seem to have anything to do with what she asked, but the meaning is clear. This temporary measure could easily become permanent. At the very least, this will probably continue until some sort of decisive moment comes. Even considering the General Staff's personnel policy, which is so strict about regular shuffles and meetings, the scale of this could be measured in not months but years.

The worst part, laments Tanya as she runs the pros and cons through her head, is that...

... I don't have the right to refuse.

The soldier Tanya von Degurechaff has been through General Staff training. In other words, her assignments are all decided on the General Staff's discretion. She's basically an employee who has signed a general office-worker contract.

She can't choose her boss, her subordinates, or her assignments.

And the orders don't come from a company but from an army. If she refuses, she won't get off with simply being fired -it's entirely possible that a firing squad would make an appearance. And she's a civil servant, so she has no right to go on strike. Goodness, these are bad working conditions. Though she was already aware, reality is rough.

"... If you don't mind, I'd like to go over some of the practical issues with the operation."

"You should face virtually no practical issues. Almost immediately after I arrive, I'll get sick and be sent back to the rear."

"So I'm the second-in-command?"

"You'll continue to command your Kampfgruppe. And the Salamander Kampfgruppe will probably be permitted to keep its name, since you're below the Lergen Kampfgruppe in the order of battle."

"I see. So in the end, I'm the deputy commander of the nonexistent Lergen Kampfgruppe, and all I have to do is command the Salamander Kampfgruppe."

"Exactly. But...," he trails off and gets a look on his face that says he's sincerely sorry for what's about to come next.

"What is it, Colonel?"

"There's one thing you'll just have to put up with for me."

"Put up with?"

"Yes." Lergen speaks with a mournful expression. "Publicly, your achievements will be reported under my name. So basically..." He bows his head, openly mortified. "I'll be stealing your successes, if in name only. Of course," he rushes to continue, "the General Staff is fully informed on this matter. I'm sure you'll be given every consideration possible during performance evaluations. The catch is that it's likely you won't get the decorations and hammock number you deserve... I beg your understanding." He bows low, and when he apologizes, it seems like he means it. "I'm sorry, but please agree to this."

This is what it means to sigh- Haaaah...

Tanya isn't disappointed. As she calms her leaping heart, the feeling she can't suppress is relief.

With this, Tanya now has someone she can nominally shove off all her accountability onto, and on top of that, the guys making decisions in Personnel will owe her one. Why would I turn down such a great opportunity? Anyone not morbidly obsessed with being in the spotlight would be thrilled.

For Tanya, a rational modern individual endowed with incredible selfrestraint, the answer is obvious.

She takes a breath and comes up with some nonsense.

"I... am a soldier sworn to serve my country."

Her position is clarified by something that's plainly obvious.

When specifying the scope of a job, nearly all explanations can be omitted by simply banding the word responsibility.

By definition, soldiers must obey orders. Unlike misguided self-proclaimed soldiers, Tanya is the officer of a regular army, so it's natural what she would do.

"I can't say it doesn't bother me in some ways, but I understand."

Tanya doesn't forget to make her appeals, either. If she doesn't want to be a convenient pawn, she'll have to point out her devotion and contributions, albiet nonchalantly.

Not properly emphasizing what a hefty sacrifice this will be and how much she brings to the table will affect her later promotions. Also can't forget to inject some human emotion.

"That said, it would be great if the peculiarities of my situation could be taken into consideration in the future."

She makes her demands simply. When it comes to compensation, be neither too bold nor too modest.

"Honestly, I'm so relieved."

"Huh?"

"I though you would shoot me."

"How funny you are."

"All right." Lergen must have caught his breath. After shaking his head a couple of times, he speaks. "Your supplies will come with a little extra while the observer is there, for appearances. Not that we can make you a Potemkin[3] unit, but..."

Any offer must benefit both sides-at least on the surface.

This isn't the kind way to put it, but making a deal is a double coincidence of wants based on good sense. You can sell even hundred-yen water for five hundred yen. But someone who tries to sell it for ten thousand has clearly forgotten the word trust, which is required for a business deal.

Investment is not speculation.

Lergen said that this will be taken into consideration during her evaluations, so at this point, it's simple to ask. To put it plainly, all Tanya hopes for are some modest material demands being met.

"Then please see that I get coffee beans and chocolate, and some socks at the very least. Enough for the Kampfgruppe would be great."

"S-socks?"

The colonel looking blankly at her is wearing a clean uniform, so he probably doesn't understand right away-that on the muddy eastern front, a single missing sock is enough to give an officer headaches.

"There's a limit to what the standard uniform designed for use inside the Empire can handle."

"Still, I'm surprised to be petitioned for socks."

"I don't know how it was before the war, but now, serving outside the country is the norm. It would be great if that could be factored into the plan."

"Got it." Lergen nods, but he still seems perplexed. "We have asked for opinions from the front lines, though." He sighs; it must have hit him that the surveys didn't work. I'm sure it had something to do with whatever the overriding agenda was at the time.

"Well..." Tanya is compelled to point this out with a wince. "It's probably hard to bring up socks when asked about the war situation."

"I'm sure it is. But never in a million years did I think the day would come that a recipient of the Silver Wings Assault Badge would requisition socks. War is just full of the unexpected."

"Indeed." Tanya nods in wholehearted agreement.

She thought she knew what she was getting into when she joined up to build her career, thought she knew that war was a conglomeration of absurdities. Yet she never imagined she would have to use her connections to secure a supply of socks.

Who could predict such a thing? That the gears of that incredibly elaborate precision war machine known as the Imperial Army would have such a struggle to supply its soldiers with socks?

"Okay, I'll leave all that up to you, thanks."

"All right. Then let's hold a little show of turning over command later."

"Sure thing. Shall we do it with the battalion present?"

Ceremony, ceremony, ceremony. That said, we're zoon politikon. Political animals simply have to accept that these things are mandatory.

"No, that won't be necessary. The Lergen Kampfgruppe only exists on paper. I want to keep the number of people who know what's going on as low as possible."

"So we'll just be preparing documentation? Then should my adjutant, vice commander, and I control the information?"

"It probably doesn't have to be that strict. Although it'd be nice if it could stay among the officers."

Hmm. After thinking for a moment, Tanya voices her request. If there's paperwork involved, it'll be tricky to limit to officers only.

"Could you allow for the soldiers attached to the command post as well?"

"That's fine. Well then, I appreciate you taking the observer."

"Yes, sir." Upon accepting the job, she immediately raises her voice. "Lieutenant Serebryakov! Lieutenant Serebryakov!"

"Yes, Colonel!"

I call my adjutant back in and get straight to the point. If you have to ask someone an annoying favor, it's best to ask someone you can trust.

"Colonel von Lergen has instructions for us. Prepare to receive a guest on the double!"

"Yes, ma'am! A guest? Prisoner camps aren't under our jurisdiction..."

"No," Tanya snaps before she can stop herself. "Not a prisoner. This is a guest who needs to be served coffee and warm bread."

"Huh?"

"A guest! You know, a guest!"

"Y-yes, ma'am."

Her confused-looking adjutant is probably imagining nothing but prisoners. For a second, she doesn't seem to get it, and a rare expression for her-only comparable to a frozen computer screen-appears on her face.

"I'm talking about a real guest! There are people in this world who don't shoot at us, you know!"

"Yes, ma'am..." Her adjutant still doesn't seem to understand at all, so Tanya realizes she has no choice but to break it down for her.

"A military observer from an allied nation, Lieutenant. If we don't have good manners, it could cause an international incident. Make sure there's no trouble."

"Ohhh." She starts to nod in understanding but then stops and looks at Tanya with questioning eyes.

"What? What is it?"

"Ummm, Colonel. What exactly should I do?"

"Huh?" About what? Tanya starts to ask, but then Serebryakov shyly explains.

"I mean, it's our first time..."

"Mm, oh, I see."

She doesn't have to ask what she means.

It's at this moment that Tanya realizes why their communication is failing. A Kampfgruppe is an organization specializing in combat...

"Manners are a whole other pain. And what about an orderly? Who's going to keep him company...? Considering he should probably have some protection, too, it'll be a good idea to have some magic officers or non-coms..."

These guys aren't much good at anything but brawling.

Is this the harmful result of being overly specialized in all-military activities? It's certainly a problem right now, and the fact that Tanya can't give in to her despair and hurl the mission back up at her superiors is frustrating.

"I'm pretty sure there's a manual... Eh, I'll have Major Weiss read it over. I want to review etiquette while we're at it."

## APRIL 28, UNIFIED YEAR 1927, EASTERN FRONT, AT THE SALAMANDER KAMPFGRUPPE'S CAMP

She must have fallen asleep looking through the materials on how to do the unfamiliar job of accompanying a guest. When Tanya's eyes open in her provisional bed, she understands why a few seconds later.

"Warning! All units to battle stations!"

An echoing call, the thudding footsteps of troops rushing around.

Aaaah, damn it.

"Seriously? Again? Shit, these guys are busy..."

Why not sabotage your own side once in a while? Are they forsaking workers' rights to get cheap labor? What are you guys even Commies for?!

Regardless, Tanya is an officer and a commander. no one is going to accept excuses just because she has a sleepy face.

She puts her cap on as she races to Kampfgruppe HQ, but awkwardly, she arrives last.

"Colonel!"

"It would seem I'm late. Sorry about that." She bobs her head. "What's the situation?"

Her straightforward question gets a straightforward answer. An organization in which everyone understands their role is the embodiment of efficiency.

"The aerial mage battalion members have assembled. They can leave at any time. The armor and infantry troops are at their posts. And the artillery is also in position."

"Nice work, Lieutenant. I appreciate it-oh, and this, too!" Tanya cheers with a smile. She didn't expect some nice coffee the moment she woke up!

How wonderful it is to have subordinates who give you what you want before you even ask! Despite being specialized in combat support, the wonderful First Lieutenant Serebryakov faithfully performs all her duties.

Sipping her coffee, Tanya pauses. The enemy may be attacking, but preparations have been made. There's no need to panic.

That means I can have a moment of peace alongside my coffee. Teatime and coffee breaks truly symbolize readiness.

"Colonel, it's Command at the base."

"Well, they're quick. Okay, let me talk to them."

She takes the receiver, and the exchange hardly differs from those of a few days prior. If pressed to name a difference, perhaps it's that Tanya's superiors are getting a little bolder with their plans now that her unit has received reinforcements.

Today's mission is more aggressive than the last. Although I suppose it's more that we don't have to stick around defending a static position.

"Attention, all units! Our mission as the Salamander Kampfgruppe is to support the main army."

"Does that mean we'll be defending like last time?" Captain Ahrens asks in disappointment.

He must really hate being on defense. Tanya doesn't possess the burning desire to leap into battle, but she can understand the feeling of wanting to act assertively to break through a problem on your own terms. Obviously, relinquishing the initiative is never a pleasant experience.

"That's a good question, but no, we won't be." She continues, "Hmm. Remember this, Captain Ahrens."

I can't say I like it, but the fruits of one's experience should be displayed: On the battlefield, rough and ready trumps polished but slow.

"If the outnumbered side stops moving, they'll be swallowed up. Our only choice is to take the initiative. Our superiors at Command want to attack."

"Then you must mean...?"

"Yes." She responds to Ahrens's eager look with a nod. "You'll be going out, too. We're deploying at full strength."

"That's what I always hope for!"

Very good. Tanya nods as she proceeds to briefly outline the operation. "The main forces will intercept. While they're doing that, we'll go around and tear into the enemy's flank."

Ultimately, it's business as usual.

We'll break through this issue with an appropriate concentration of forces achieved through careful application of the Imperial Army's specialty, mobility. It's a formidable way to move using the orthodox tactic of hammer and anvil.

The grinning aerial magic officers must realize by now: Whether it's the Rhine, Norden, the eastern front, or the southern continent, the task is the same.

"You can call it a classic, textbook maneuver battle, but it's also something we're very familiar with."

Tanya expresses how little problem she thinks they will have completing this mission. She has full faith in them and their abilities.

"I'm counting on you, Captain Ahrens," she says, giving him a little slap on the rear. "We'll open up a hole, then you and the infantry will cooperate to keep up the momentum. If anyone can do this, the Salamander Kampfgruppe can."

A proven track record, trust, and ability. Anyone in a management position thirsts for the precious gem known as reliable firepower. Especially so in war. Those without experience are incapable of imagining how rare a sure thing is amid the fog of war.

"All right, Captain Ahrens, Lieutenant Tospan, I expect you to cooperate as best you can with troops of the main army."

""Yes, ma'am!""

"I'm putting Captain Ahrens in charge, as he's the senior officer, but given the nature of the operation, you'll probably be fielding requests from the other infantry units. Pay no mind to the rate of supply usage and just do as much as you can."

Regardless of how I feel taking advantage of other people's resources, I hate having mine ground into the dirt. But losing the right to be picky is just one of the tough parts of war.

"Captain Meybert! I'll give you Lieutenant Wüstemann's company of replenishment as artillery observers. Have them do whatever you need them

"Thanks, but are you sure?" He glances toward the eager young officer.

Tanya thinks for a moment- Hmm -and then asks the man in question, "Lieutenant Wüstemann, how's the replenishment company doing?"

"We can go! I think we can handle the bare minimum of action."

Good intentions. But that answer doesn't meet Tanya's standards. What she needs is quality. Unless it's a unit that can really move, they won't be able to keep up.

"All right, you stay here and support Captain Meybert."

"But, Colonel, we can-"

"No, Lieutenant. I appreciate your passion. But we won't be able to coordinate. For now, stay out of the way."

He looks somewhat disappointed, but he'll make a good warrior someday. Not that Tanya can understand or sympathize.

Anyhow. She refocuses and turns to her babies.

"The battalion's ready to sortie at full force," says Weiss.

"As always. All right, let's move."

Major Weiss and the other members of the 203rd Aerial Mage Battalion acknowledge with a nod. How reliable! These are Tanya's accomplished, reliable babies. Accomplishments and reliability really are important. And it's also reassuring that she can trust her buddy, her adjutant, when they take off together.

She's also her partner in a little playacting.

"Another maneuver battle, huh, Colonel?"

"Yeah." Tanya nods back at Serebryakov. An aerial mage battalion is worth its salt only if it can move; troops who don't understand their job cause more harm than the enemy. The other way around yields a great advantage. "We've got the numbers of a normal battalion, but I expect the fight of an augmented one."

"You can count on us!"

The two of them speak nonchalantly but under the assumption that everyone nearby can hear them. Her adjutant responds in an exaggerated way, her voice loud and clear.

Is this a special kind of talent, the way Serebryakov casually melts the battalion's tension away with her willingness to deliver? What a valuable individual she's grown into.

"... I do wish we could get our numbers back up."

People who can read the atmosphere are so precious. She knows how to lower her voice when discretion is called for.

"We'll have to train up the fresh troops."

"... If there are any worthy ones, that is."

"That might be asking a lot. We can't expect much out of replenishment lately..."

Tactically speaking, recruits are a burden. Battle-ready rookies are as rare as any other fantastical creature.

But Tanya finds something funny in her adjutant's words, and grins. "Lieutenant Serebryakov, you've really been through the wringer, huh?"

"You and I were once replenishment, you know! Keep those helmet straps tight. I don't want to have to request a new adjutant!"

I was partnered with her on the Rhine front when she was still a corporal. We were paired simply because there wasn't enough fighting power and we both happened to be replenishment.

Tanya nods in response to her adjutant's apologetically bobbing head and takes a quick look at the battalion ready to sortie.

Gear, check; personnel, check; atmosphere, check. All that's left is to do the work we know so well.

I can't say it'll be easy. But we'll be fine if we do a solid job.

We'll head out, set our course for enemy territory, and fly due east. Knowing how and when to move whole corps and divisions is practically the Imperial Army's specialty.

The values aerial mage battalions are lauded for: mobility, firepower, and shock value.

Tanya cracks a grin at the front row of imperial soldiers loosely in attack formation as if to say, That's about enough bluster out of you.

Problems are there to be solved.

"Okay, troops, let's do this. It'll mostly be a ruse, but... let's make it look like an encircle-and-annihilate operation. The enemy will see a battalion swinging around to assault them from behind. Let them taste the fear of being surrounded."

Since the Imperial Army is outnumbered, if all it does is diligent base defense, the troops will be ground down under that numerical disparity. Our only choice is to take the initiative to upset the enemy and give them a good reason to retreat.

More specifically, we'll have aerial mages popping up all over the place to harass and confuse them. It's a poor man's tactic, but it's not uncommon for it to give even a Goliath problems in a guerrilla battle.

Accepting your own weaknesses and focusing on needling those of your enemy is an admirable tactic-even if you're compelled to use it by an unfortunate strategic environment.

"This goes without saying, but our actual objective is the defense of the front line. We want to threaten the enemy's communications lines in a way that leads to their withdrawal. Do not under any circumstances disrupt the lines out of bloodlust, thinking you'll annihilate the enemy's field army."

"So this is a classic feint, then?"

"Exactly, Major Weiss." Tanya briefly affirms and then shrugs with good grace. "This is no normal power disparity, after all," she murmurs before continuing soberly. "We can't actually encircle and annihilate them. There's a limit to how outnumbered we can be. Before we even get a chance to surround them, we'd be blasted apart."

In order to perform an encirclement, you need a good number of troops. Consequently, war is all about numbers. Pulling off the sort of splendid victory that happened at Rossbach[4] -against an enemy double your numbers-is actually quite difficult.

"It's rather sad for a battalion that once sent three divisions scattering like Boy Scouts."

Weiss's lament is correct. It's bad news for us that the enemy is getting stronger.

"Heh. That's big talk for an officer who once turned tail and ran from some guns firing at the sky."

"Touché. Sadly, my issue lately is getting in trouble for not running away."

That's how it went in Dacia. Unfortunately, unlike the Dacian Army, the Federation is in possession of a respectable instrument of violence.

And to go a step further, the Federation Army is becoming more professional.

I have noticed them transforming from an organization overemphasizing their ideology to a military apparatus that prioritizes results, which is troubling. I suppose we can't hope for the miraculous loss ratio like that practically legendary battle at Hoyerswerda.[5]

"In other words, it is what it is."

"... Still, this should be an encounter battle. I doubt the enemy would have a ton of anti-air guns ready."

"That's a good point, Lieutenant Grantz. Shall we test it by seeing if you get shot in the gut again?"

The vice commander childishly jabs with a dicey remark directed at the junior officer. He must be teasing, but Tanya steps in.

"That's enough, Major Weiss. Don't pick on your subordinates."

"I only learned from my superior, ma'am."

"Then let us agree to regret my moral lapses. All right, Officers, time for work."

## ABOUT TWO HOURS AFTER SORTIEING, ON THE EDGE OF THE IMPERIAL ARMY, SALAMANDER KAMPFGRUPPE

After beginning their advance and mopping up some enemy units, Tanya has just finished a scuffle. Since the mission is simply to probe the enemy flank, no major clash with their main forces is expected.

There could be comparably few encounters.

- "We've advanced to the designated point. According to Captain Meybert, his

- troops can still provide artillery support."

"Got it." Tanya nods in response to her adjutant's report. "Report to CP. And let's wait for Captain Ahrens. Keep a sharp watch on our surroundings. Preferably in a skirmishing line..."

- "HQ! HQ! Requesting immediate backup!" "The right flank is collapsing!" "No

- supporting artillery yet?!" "Where are the air support mages?"

- "Huh? There's some kind of confusion with our troops. Check it out."

- "That's strange. I don't see anything... One moment." She must realize it

- when faint flashes go off in the distance. "Colonel, over there."

"Aaah, shit. So the right flank is getting pummelled?"

Even if the unit set to circle around to the enemy's rear is in place, if the foundation-the main troops-is being suppressed, the operation can't proceed. We did our part, so what the hell?

Performing any more labor under the circumstances isn't worth it. Still, grabbing some popcorn wouldn't be very professional. It's clear that doing nothing would result in dismissal, reshuffling, or demotion.

Unlike jobs that are only nominally seen as managerial, an actual managerial job requires independent thinking. Otherwise, how can you ever expect to play a critical role in the future? If you only do as you're told, the best you can hope for is a bit part.

But then... Tanya winces.

There are too many people who can't even do what they're told, so it's true that always following orders is mistaken as the highest virtue in the lower ranks.

Still, the only job available to someone who abandons thought is something that anyone can do. Adding value requires creativity. The right to that discretion isn't given to just anyone, though. Having the privilege is proof that people expect results from you.

In that case...

If I can accomplish things here, I should.

The little bit of extra work involved to seize one of the enemy's new equipment or gather intel is within the scope of my salary. If I can expect a bonus on top of that, then it's actually a pretty fair deal.

Hmph. Tanya recalculates in her head and makes up her mind.

"I'm leaving this to Captain Ahrens. Tell him to continue supporting the main force's flank."

Her adjutant, Lieutenant Serebryakov, looks at her in a way that asks, Are you leaving?

Tanya nods with solemn determination and says, "The main force's right flank is taking a pounding from the enemy's new weapons. The balance between the hammer and the anvil is unstable. Busybodies may be detestable, but I can't just stand on the sideline and watch our troops suffer."

"You're right, ma'am."

"Good. Put me through to Command and round up the unit."

Her adjutant acknowledges the instructions, and Tanya feels confident leaving things up to her. Now then, it's time to use the long-range communications kit to earn a favor for later.

"HQ, this is Salamander 01. Priority response, please."

"Salamander 01, has the enemy received reinforcements on your part of the line, too?"

Even if I'm making the suggestion to someone under duress, things should go more smoothly if I lighten up the atmosphere a bit first. When the response comes back tense, Tanya opts for a more affable answer.

"Negative. We've advanced to the designated line. We're currently capable of dispatching an aerial mage battalion to support your right wing. The majority are Named who survived through the Rhine, from the commander on down. Just say the word."

"HQ, roger. You're not having any issues holding the line?"

"If the rest of our troops are racing over, then certainly not. Besides, holding this line means nothing if the right wing of the army collapses."

"... One moment, please."

HQ doesn't hesitate on this point. Considering the time it took to ask the question, the commander pretty much got on the line immediately.

"Colonel, you can go over there?"

"Yes, General, if need be."

"Need does be."

This matter-of-fact way of speaking isn't bad. The more appropriate and quick an officer's decisions, the more reliable they are on a fluid battlefield.

"So?"

"There are lots of rookies on the right side. We thought we gave them a zone that would be easier to handle, but the enemy's got a new model out there. If you have the troops to spare and can afford to send them out, please do."

"Understood."

With that one word, HQ hangs up. Impatient much? In other words, that's good. Being late is a problem, but being early is never bad.

And it agrees with Tanya's temperament.

When she flicks her eyes over, the response comes at once.

"The aerial mages are all present, ma'am!"

"Thanks, Lieutenant Serebryakov. More than anything, I appreciate your efficiency. Although I suppose we owe it just as much to the fact that they weren't broken out into a skirmish line yet."

"No doubt about that, ma'am. Is this business as usual?"

Tanya's adjutant knows the drill, and Tanya nods at her.

"Kampfgruppe, a message from your commander. The aerial mage battalion is going to support the right wing of the main troops and intercept the enemy's latest weapon. Other units should continue holding their forward positions until further orders."

Leaving the rest with an "I'm counting on you," Tanya gathers her babies and heads out.

Once they take off, the battalion is neither overexcited nor excessively relaxed. They're a fighting force tensed like a well-trained muscle.

How incredibly sad that we can't take pride in this as the Imperial Army standard.

"... Seems like things are still in chaos?" Tanya murmurs to herself in the sky. She's used to friendly signals being tangled when on a rescue mission, but the static is still quite bad.

The closer she gets, the worse she feels.

"Group leader to all Kampfgruppe hands. The enemy has new orbs. I regret to inform you that they walk the walk."

"The defensive shell's too thick! Explosion formulas aren't penetrating!" "Concentrate your fire! Focus optical on a single point!" "It's no good! The shield's too hard!"

Lieutenant Colonel Tanya von Degurechaff races across the sky as those signals shriek in her ear. With her blond hair trailing behind her, she grasps her computation orb with her fair, slender fingers.

She must look like a Valkyrie. Or perhaps she flies with enough grace to be termed an angel.

That said, on the inside, she's a perfect self-preservationist. But it's not as if that prevents her from doing her job. She boasts a proper understanding of their circumstances.

She'll do what she can and draw as much attention to it as possible. That's the clear and simple truth. But it's not as if someone like that doesn't have feelings about the situation.

A sort of complaint slips out.

"... So these new models are giving us trouble?"

"New models? I'm disturbed by the Federation Army's lack of reason. They could have just used gear they're used to like us."

Grantz acknowledges. Tanya had only intended to talk to herself, but he responded in good faith. Well, communicating with subordinates is also a superior officer's job.

"There's no doubt about it, Lieutenant. This is going to be a pain."

"But I'd say that's precisely why we're the ones heading out."

Grantz was probably being serious when he said that, but Tanya can't quite suppress a smile. "Well, look at you! Quite the officer now. Ah, I remember the days on the Rhine when you were but a trembling little lamb."

"They say to strike while the iron's hot and the shells have warmed me up, so..."

He's even learned to wag his tongue. Tanya's impressed. Before, he would have clammed up, the young thing. He's really come a long way.

"So you think you can take the heat? Did you hear that, Major Weiss?"

"Nah, it's too soon. His turn of phrase was witty, I'll give him that, but it was also a bit too on the nose."

"You're not wrong. Okay, let's take the chatter down a notch. I realize I'm the one who started it, but it's probably not very nice to be bantering away up here while our fellow troops are in a gruelling fight."

"Of course, it's good to have some breathing room before a battle."

"Hmph," she snorts. Then she tunes in to the communications of nearby imperial troops beginning to ping back and forth.

"Group leader to all units! Report in-report in with your status!"

"Don't leave your position! Stay in formation!" "Wait, who's commanding the Third Company?! Wasn't it 01?!" "Requesting urgent backup!" "Use the correct protocols! What airspace are you requesting support for?"

"We need artillery support! Is there no artillery support?! Sector B-23! Hurry and suppress them!" "Observer mages, send the coordinates-now!"

Things really do seem to be chaotic. Tanya wants to sigh.

"The communications we're picking up from our fellow troops are a mess."

Serebryakov nods at Tanya's murmur with a solemn expression. "On the other hand, the Federation Army seems to be in good order. Though we're only catching fragmentary glimpses, I'm getting the impression our side is overwhelmed."

"The Reich's troops, overwhelmed by the enemy? Hmph." Tanya scoffs.

An army that surpasses its quantitative inferiority with qualitative superiority and organizational might is frightened of the enemy?

That's no way to fight a war.

I have no intention of blindly believing mind over matter, but the issue of morale should not be neglected.

First off, even the magic word worthwhile can produce workers who won't hesitate to endure terrible conditions.

You mustn't underestimate the power of words.

"01 to 02, seems like we're going to get more of a welcome than we thought."

"02, roger. Just as you say, 01."

"Colonel, Captain Meybert is saying they don't have enough forces to defend the position."

"... He has a point, but wait."

Tanya meditates for a moment. Should I split even just Lieutenant Grantz off and send him back? Both of the captains she left behind are competent and trustworthy to an extent.

Meybert is an artillerymen. Whereas Ahrens is a tankman. They balance each other nicely. In particular, Ahrens is a capable armoured unit commander who will surely undertake a mobile defensive battle.

Of course, even a unit of tanks can't rage on its own indefinitely. And with only replenishment mages to both defend the position and perform artillery observations, which need to be accurate, I worry. Plus, getting artillery support and having Meybert take his turn is great and all, but as long as shells are a finite resource, we can never be free from having to conserve them.

But it's not as if things are falling apart right now.

" Non. He'll have to make do with what he has. This won't take long."

There won't be any dividing of the forces on her watch.

Rather than wavering, Tanya settles on rushing the enemy with her troops concentrated to put a swift end to things.

"Let's hurry, then, ma'am."

"Let's. We can't keep those guys waiting."

With that, Tanya faces front and grits her teeth. One look at her appearance and her blue eyes filled with courage speaks fathoms of her fearless bravery; her white teeth grinding together seem to be channeling the pain of her fellow soldiers.

But internally, she's sorely regretting her decision.

In a nutshell, Tanya is feeling wary after hearing the news that the enemy's new models perform better than expected. She had only moments ago been scheming, since the new orbs are out and about, to clash a bit and seize one if possible as part of other intel-gathering activities.

Most of the time, new models are experimental. Even so, seizing one from the Federation would be quite an achievement. Those were her superficial calculations. It's not a happy thing to see these models getting results on the battlefield already.

I figured the enemy wouldn't have time to get used to them... but was that a mistake?

There's no way of knowing without making contact.

"Group Leader, come in. This is Salamander 01. Come in."

For the time being, the signal is good. And requesting only data doesn't cost anything. Tanya braces herself to hear that they're too busy, but when she gets on the line anyway, they ping her right back.

"Salamander 01, this is Group Leader!"

"Group Leader, this is Salamander 01. A mage battalion from the Salamander Kampfgruppe is currently headed your way. Send us what you've got on the enemy's new model."

Just the fact that she's been successful establishing contact with the right wing makes Tanya's cheeks relax into a smile. It's confirmation of organized resistance. Not collapsing is a good sign.

"Unfortunately, I can't do that."

"... You can't? I beg your pardon, but what do you mean?"

"The front is currently in disarray, and we're unable to send any detailed reports."

"Whoa, hold up." Tanya furrows her brow, and the controller responds in an entreating voice.

"I've heard of your unit before. If possible, I'd like you to report back with the details of the right wing's situation when you arrive."

"My unit isn't outfitted for scouting or observation. We're charging in to conduct an assault."

"Group Leader, roger. That's why it's an 'if possible' request."

"Salamander 01, roger. I understand and respect your request. We'll give it our utmost, but just know that there's a limit to what we can do."

"Of course. Over and out."

Hmm. Tanya occupies herself in thought for a moment. It was a short conversation, but there was something strange about it. Frontline units are often in chaotic situations, but this seems to be something beyond merely getting attacked. She gets the feeling they're crumbling in a panic over their inability to deal with a new type of enemy.

Even if we are careful, are we plunging headfirst into danger?

"Major Weiss, what do you make of the communications we've been listening in on?"

"Our fellow troops are in bad shape. From what's coming over the wireless, it sounds like they're total amateurs. They're wailing and crying on an open channel."

"Are those rookies we're hearing, though?"

"It seems like the magic officers up through company level are bewildered."

"Whew"-she whistles in spite of herself; it's all she can do; things are such a mess.

I can't say the warmongers under me are representative of the Imperial Army's standards for company commanders. Still, though, still. Being an Imperial Army company commander requires, as it should, certain abilities. As with ancient Roman centurions and boatswain on ships of the line, if middle management is rotten, the organization has no future.

What we need is... people in the position to support the men on the ground, like the capable First Lieutenant Schwarzkopf she once served under. So the guys at that level are out of their minds?

"Saving the right wing might be a bigger challenge than anticipated."

My subordinates are war maniacs, while I'm into self-preservation... Her internal regret is intense.

"This is no good, Major. It's embarrassing to show up late."

"Let's do our best. Grantz and Visha are young enough."

Heh. Tanya decides to respond to her vice commander's joke. "Whoa there, don't forget I've got some formidable youth myself."

"Ummm." The tiny noise is her adjutant. There's no mistaking that voice. When she looks over immediately, the expression on her adjutant's face is Oh shit.

"Lieutenant Serebryakov? What is it?"

"If you'll excuse me, ummm... Colonel, that is..."

"What is it, Lieutenant? Are you trying to leave me out?"

She's stunned to get a nod in return. "You have a certain class to consider at your rank..."

"... I see. Well, I suppose that's true."

Tanya thought it was weird, but with that response, she can't really argue. Status and dignity are powers that come with rank.

If someone described her as far more mature than her age, how could anyone say that's wrong? If her internal maturity is coming through, and people count that as a virtue, who am I to disagree?

"CP to combat controller team. The Salamander Kampfgruppe is on its way. Should arrive within 600."

Anyhow, now that we've come this far, I'll get caught up in the trouble if we don't put a stop to it. I'll just consider myself lucky that the wall of meat shields hasn't been wiped out yet, so we can still support from behind it.

"All units, get ready for combat. We're going in!"

Under the guidance of the combat control team, we begin our charge, but something's strange.

If you asked me, I couldn't tell you what, exactly. Yet, suddenly it's obvious. We're receiving wireless signals far too clearly!

... Why the heck aren't the enemy mages jamming us?

In Dacia, we knew they simple didn't have the ability.

In Norden, we knew the Entente Alliance wasn't actually expecting a full-on fight.

But this is the eastern front. A bizarre zone where the Imperial Army and the Federation Army pit their national powers against each other by endlessly squandering their production capacity on a massive, meaningless war of attrition.

It's too weird for aerial mages not to be jamming at all. And if the enemy aerial mages are putting up a fierce fight with new orbs, it's even weirder.

Twisting up her doll-like face, Tanya raises her guard a notch.

When the only scenarios she can imagine are bad, her brow furrows.

"Ch-Charlie Leader to Salamander. Currently data linking."

Just the brief that reaches her ears paints an unambiguous picture of how serious the situation is.

The front line is so full of holes, it's absurd to call it a line. Has the stronghold that was supposed to be here already been overrun? The lines are so broken, she's seized by the urge to whine.

"... What a clusterfuck. I'm honestly shocked. How have things gotten this bad without the front collapsing?"

Although looking from our side, it's basically already crumbled.

"It's a miracle they're still holding out. I guess the veterans have their training to thank."

Is it purely the skill of the lower-ranking officers that's keeping things together?

There must be a handful of capable guys mixed in who are just barely staving off a decisive collapse. That's the best way to hold ground.

But the data she picks up as they charge into the fighting zone are truly astonishing.

The enemy mage company busted through the imperial mage battalion stationed here, splitting them apart so that each infantry unit was isolated. In other words, this was an unmitigated trampling-and that's of imperial mages by Federation mages.

"I can't believe this... Shouldn't it be the reverse?"

If you want to accuse me of arrogance, go ahead. This is still difficult to accept.

The Imperial Army is being overwhelmed in terms of quality by the Federation Army? Ridiculous.

"Could they make this much of a turnaround? Or is it the rumoured security mage unit? Either way, this is no joke."

"But, Colonel, this is strange."

"Wait, Major. What's strange?" Tanya asks, focusing on the enemy unit.

"The enemy company's movements are... How can I explain it? They go in such straight lines."

"... I see what you mean."

It's so obvious, I'm kicking myself for not noticing it until he brought it up. They aren't looking terribly majestic out there.

"And even if they're up against elites, our troops are working too hard. It's not bad; just not sustainable."

They must have a special reason to be resisting to this extent.

"And plenty of our positions are still standing. This really is strange."

Let's just be frank. All this is unexpected.

Outstanding aerial mages are air-to-ground-attack professionals. If the enemy is using their new orb model, the broken troops should be a pile of corpses.

We can't simply laugh off their survival as the aftermath of a tough fight.

"... Could they be bait?"

Attacking to draw out aerial mages is a classic trap. If there's even a slight chance that's true, Tanya needs a decent excuse to turn around right now.

"Can you contact any friendly troops and make sure it's not a trap?"

"How could I ask them something so inconsiderate? Please don't be ridiculous."

"You guys get so considerate at the weirdest times."

Tanya's subordinates screw up their faces into Huh? s while she makes the call herself.

"This is Salamander 01. I have a question. Is the enemy not shooting at you guys? Or are they shooting but missing for some reason?"

Thankfully, her message gets through without any issue.

... That's still weird. Tensing her little mouth, she begins calculating an escape. She considers what route to take as she waits for a response.

"You've got to be kidding! They're firing like crazy and if we get hit, it'll be a disaster!"

"Got it. So they're stubborn and coming out with a ton of firepower, but getting hit isn't very likely."

"... And their defensive shells are stupidly strong."

"By that you mean?"

"We can't get through them without a direct hit from an 88 mm."

"... Yeesh." Suddenly, she just wants to cradle her head in her hands, but given the eyes of her troops, she opts to cross her arms instead. "So this is a different animal we're up against."

The answer is that our enemies have obtained ridiculous firepower and heavy armor. The idea must be to make up for accuracy issues with intensity. Considering how hard the defensive shells and protective films are, they must be specialized.

... These were developed with not addition but subtraction.

The designer is definitely optimizing for wartime mass production. Compared to Chief Engineer Schugel, the Federation guys are actually pretty rational. Who'd've thunk?

Luckily, the enemy mages are moving pretty slowly, so we should be able to take care of them. We just have to put some thought into our tactics. In other words, a bit of tightrope walking is necessary.

This time, there's a wall, so it should be easier... Or at least that's what Tanya thinks before she remembers this is a rescue mission and clicks her tongue in frustration. Time to start over.

We can't abandon our troops on the ground.

Ahhh, damn it. I can already see the enemy.

What should we do? Our only choice is to give them a whack, obviously.

"The fundamental tactic of counter-mage combat is the hit-and-run. Let's give it a shot, troops."

Though there's some distance between us, several enemy mages are already in range. I slam some mana into the Type 97 Assault Computation Orb and don't spare any of the solidified mana I'd prepared ahead of time, either.

This explosion formula is like a long-range artillery barrage, but luckily, our troops have fallen back a bit, so there's no danger of accidentally hitting them. Of course, I've already accepted that sometimes you'll accidentally hit people, but... that's not something that needs to happen at the moment.

I manifest the formula with my orb.

Flying at high speed, I focus up and aim as best I can and cast. That combination of logic and magic manipulates the fabric of reality, and as a result, a powerful explosion goes off in the middle of the enemy group so quickly that there isn't any time to evade.

It's a precise, unforeseen blow to these numbskull bunched up for a strafing run on helpless ground troops. I poured as much mana as possible in during that short time before I fired. And I'm sure it was a bull's-eye.

Even Tanya expects success with a certain degree of confidence.

"Of all the-! They're fine?! My target is fine?!"

The shock is too great. She's so astounded that she hangs motionless in midair.

The scene before her makes her eyes nearly pop out of her head. And it's not just her.

"... Ngh. That's a surprise. I've never seen anyone take one of your hits and not only stay in the air but not even have their flight disturbed."

Her adjutant's comments are the truth.

That explosion was on a scale that a normal mage would have gone down just from being in the blast zone. In the Rhine, in Norden, and even on the southern continent, Tanya and her aerial mage unit have proven they are capable of such destruction.

But that ended in this moment.

The Federation mages withstood the attack.

"Honestly, it's hard to believe, but... ready the next volley!"

I switch to a guided type of formula, up my impact, and fire along with the rest of the unit.

"The guided formulas connected just now!"

"Target is still unharmed!"

Whoa now, hold on. This is a resilience that makes you want to burst out laughing. The 203rd Aerial Mage Battalion, full of Named and with one of the most fearsome rosters of the Imperial Army, can't even pierce a single enemy defensive shell?

"The enemy's coming up fast! Ngh?! We're being targeted!"

"For fuck's sake!" Shit! Even as she curses, Tanya keeps her hands busy to do her job. "How solid can you possibly be?!"

This can't be happening. Tanya avoids that comment and reconsiders her choice of formula. She decides her only option is to try something with penetration boosted to the max.

"Do it with a focused-type optical! Punch through!"

In parallel to her gripes, she loads some lead shot, casts, and fires.

"It's a direct hit!"

Arrrgh! Teeth grindingly enough, the enemy appears unfazed after sustaining another hit-even though it was an optical sniping formula with boosted penetrating power.

No. She adjusts her evaluation, noting that there was some impact.

Their protective films are gone. And apparently, it's not impossible to affect their defensive shells. From the increasingly unstable way they're flying, it appears they've been injured.

Is that... blood? At least it's proof that the shells can be pierced. That's a good sign.

"Take note that if you focus your formula, you have a better chance of penetrating."

Finding something that might work is a happy joy. Tanya quickly reconsiders her attack method. The enemy is sturdy. And they have firepower. A good option is to snipe them from a distance. A great option is to rain fire down on them from above.

"Use those legs! These guys aren't as mobile as we are! Let's pummel them!"

Given the circumstances, we'll have to think of what to do with the troops on the ground afterward. For now, our top priority has to be intercepting these mages. After all, I've taken on the risk to push out here. I'm not about to go back empty-handed.

So the plan is to toy with the enemy using our high speeds.

And things go more smoothly than expected.

"Charge! Charge! Show 'em how you move!"

"Give Weiss backup! Don't stop firing explosion formulas-we'll use them as a smoke screen!"

She has the battalion lead the way and Tanya herself stays back with the rear guard to fire at range from above. Though they aren't as effective, explosion formulas limit enemy visibility, so they're the best option.

Of course, in the heat of battle, explosion formulas always come with the risk of hitting friendlies. Only units as highly coordinated and skilled as the 203rd Aerial Mage Battalion could ever hope to pull this off.

None of us are idiots who would shoot our own. We don't stumble into the line of fire, but neither do we slack on support.

I can't overstate how much I appreciate veterans. Especially in this melee, we're lucky to have sharpshooters.

With focused optical, it's possible to penetrate those thick defensive shells the enemy's suddenly sporting. Not that they'll be downed in a single hit, but there's no doubt it's effective.

If we can slow them down like that, finishing them off will be no problem. All that's left is for the troops up close to cut them down with their magic blades or for the rest of us to pump them full of holes from afar.

"Zone clear!"

"Nice work, Major!"

In any case, I suppose it should be said...

The Federation mage battalion attacking the right wing of our main army puts up a tough fight in vain and gets swept away by the 203rd Aerial Mage Battalion.

Soon after, their organized resistance collapses.

"Way to go, troops!"

With a satisfied nod, Tanya quickly takes stock of the damage to her unit.

Her own company escaped with burns. Neither of the other two companies had major losses, either. She anticipated there might be some, but happily, that was a miscalculation.

Also, this is incidental, but the unit on the receiving end of the enemy strike was really hounded but apparently managed to keep casualties to a minimum. For future reference, it will probably be good to look into the ratio of losses.

But right now, it's time to chase bonus achievements.

They may be wonderfully powerful, but even these Federation soldiers who came at us prepared to die are human. Regardless of how it is when blocking units are involved, if your unit gets decimated, it's impossible not to be conscious of your mortality.

That's how humans work.

"They're faltering! Announcement from Salamander 01 to all units! Shift to pursuit! Obliterate the enemy's will to fight!" What a delight it is to shout the order to advance. "Let's go!"

The bunched-up guys are doomed at this point.

Ha-ha-ha-look at them go! Tanya laughs. Watching disciplined violence get transformed into formerly disciplined violence is lovely.

There, Tanya finally regains her more intelligent side. I guess I got a bit too high on the abnormal circumstances of combat, she reflects in frustration.

Her original objective was to seize one of the enemy's new orbs. If she shot them down, there's no reason she has to let that distinction go to someone else.

"We're going to search the enemy crash site. The purpose is to recover a set of gear. I want to recover a body, but if we can take prisoners, that's even better."

She decides to prioritize acquiring one of the new enemy computation orbs.

If we can recover a corpse, we can learn about how their soldiers are outfitted and what their nutrition is like, so add on another order to the list.

"We don't have much time. Get it done."

Luckily, she's able to borrow some NCOs from the local unit as it flails around trying to get organized, so there are plenty of people.

Of course, what she gives them is an order, but she doesn't forget to add a "please" to be nice. If your staff hates you, your abilities as a manager are limited. It's natural to avoid harsh wording unless it's absolutely necessary when dealing with people.

The fact that there are too many newbies who don't understand that is vexing. And then there's the despair when they learn that they've signed on as general-purpose workers.

Well, I learn from history. Tanya smiles wryly.

That is, I follow precedents.

If you do what ends up formalized as the result of trial and error, things will usually go well.

"Also, find out how many casualties our fellow troops took."

"I want to know how the losses stack up. It's always painful to make sacrifices, but I think it's important to know what they are."

I'm acting like a politician, but I guess that's handy know-how.

Pretending to care about these sort of losses is a mandatory skill for those with ambitions to climb the ladder. Having an empathetic attitude is an important social technique. You especially can't neglect it internally at an organization if you're hoping to bend people's ears.

Regardless of the truth, appearances are critical. This is the equivalent of saying Sorry for your loss, but politics have already proven that even that much is effective. There exists an incomprehensible concept called the "sympathy vote." Some people choose someone simply because they don't hate them- and this phenomenon is widespread enough that those votes can decide an election. That's what humans are like.

That's why whether or not you actually feel the pain of the world, it doesn't hurt to pretend you do when you have time.

"Understood."

My fighters fly off with dreamy salutes.

Surely they don't doubt my intentions.

Having them express sincere sympathy will be more credible than Tanya grinning as she offers condolences.

Phew. At that point, she sighs and voices her impressions.

"They were tough. That armor! I can't get behind that sort of hardness."

Not even the Republican Army Named on the Rhine front were that durable.

Of course, they were that much more mobile and had that much more firepower, so if anyone's asking which one is the better deal, I'd have to say that using the Federation's new model makes you a bit of a sitting duck, but... being able to produce a defensive shell more durable than a Named is enough to be a threat to most on its own.

"A level of toughness that lets you ignore differences in altitude is disconcerting."

Nodding at her adjutant's comment, Tanya painfully spits, "That took some doing even for us! A normal infantry unit would be out of luck. They'd be broken before their guns could penetrate the defensive shells."

She's forced to admit that this really is a problematic new model. Since they're so sturdy, it takes time to shoot them down.

Considering the Federation's materialistic attitude, this could be a huge problem-we can't ignore it. The casualties that would result from a run-in between Federation mages and our ground troops would be simply unacceptable.

Well, things would be different if the main ground forces were centered around a crack team of experienced NCOs.

"This is horrible. Our newbies are running around in a panic, and the Federation forces are just casually chasing after them."

This is a pointless war of attrition devoid of even a hint of discipline. The realization that the nature of the conflict is beginning to shift toward amateurs merely butchering one another is anxiety-inducing.

The Empire has stumbled right into the muck of the eastern front and gotten sucked into the depths. This battle almost seems like commentary on that plight. What if the global situation worsens while we're struggling here?

The Imperial Army is being ground down on the eastern front. No wonder Ildoa so much as squirming in the south is enough to set off shivers in the unflappable General Staff.

With time, the deterioration of the Empire's strategic environment will accelerate. That's the honest truth. Which is why... Tanya had no choice but to accept Colonel von Lergen's proposal.

We have to take this Ildoan guest and bind him to our side. What a headache, thinks Tanya as she imagines just briefly what's to come.

## TO THE UNIFIED YEAR 1927 SPRING CONFERENCE ON COMBAT RESEARCH, REPORT ON THE NEW ENEMY ORB SEIZED ON THE EASTERN FRONT

My first impression is that it's crude.

There's no need to wait for the detailed technical analysis-the samples we've seized speak volumes. The new orb of Federation make that has appeared on the eastern front is constructed nowhere near as precisely as is the imperial standard. In the test officer's view, "It's like they have no concept of subtlety."

According to the test battalion, "They've misunderstood mobility so badly, I want to scream at them to double-check the definition of an aerial mage. On top of being unforgivable sluggish and having a poor turn radius, it underperforms when compared to previous generations at similar altitudes. Due to this critical lack of precision crafting, users are more likely to hit friendlies than the enemy."

Thus, everyone has come to the same unwavering conclusion.

That is, "This model is not suitable for our army's operations."

It boasts impressive firepower, but frankly, aside from its toughness, it's difficult to say it surpasses our models. The previously stated opinion on the Federation's new orb is unlikely to change.

That said, members of the Imperial Army reluctantly admit this orb possesses several distinct advantages.

One is that, since they're not crafted with precision, they don't demand as much skill from their users. The new orb is eminently suitable for massproducing and issuing to mass-trained soldiers.

The second point is the high rate of survival. They may be sluggish, but the defense provided is high; an average infantry unit would have a hard time shooting down someone with one of these.

In conclusion? The General Staff is fretting. These properties make it clear that the new orb will be a natural enemy of the Imperial Army. Everyone scoffs, saying it's a sign that an army that specializes in human-wave tactics is about to send in a huge amount of aerial mages.

An enemy with numerical superiority is going to challenge our top-quality army with so-so quality, and a lot of it.

This is going to be a major problem.

Report on the Type T3476 Computation Orb from Technology