## MAY 11, UNIFIED YEAR 1927, FEDERATION ARMY PARTING MESSAGE

From: Western Army, Political Commissar Representative Hobrov and Commander Representative Lieutenant General Markov

To: Federation Army General Staff

Headquarters has given all remaining troops strict orders to withdraw. Command wishes to act as rear guard for their comrades' retreat. If even a single soldier can be saved, we're satisfied.

We are currently taking suppressive fire. At this moment of parting, Command would like to thank our comrades who fought with all their might. But we are unable to repay the sacrifice of our comrades fallen in the mud. Having lost air superiority, all we can do is pile up losses in vain.

Though it's well-known how vulnerable ground troops are when control of the airspace is lost, we take this opportunity to reemphasize that threat. The unique maneuvers the Imperial Army employed in Dacia have now been proven many times over in several other battles.

- Even if achieving air supremacy isn't possible, stop enemy aerial

- attacks with an ambush if a chance present itself.

- Strive to improve weather forecasts.

- Aerial mage units put up a serious fight, so defend with your lives.

- Though the war situation has worsened, hold your ground.

In response to some doubts related to rank issues, we believe that our troops proved their innocence with their flesh and blood. We hope you will recognize their contributions.

Additionally, we're at a disadvantage against an enemy with a less-rigid organization, so we require greater flexibility and agility on the operational level. We hope you'll consider these systemic issues.

- We've noticed that repetitive phrasing in political commissars'

- messages and reports weakens the effectiveness of the ciphers encoding them.

- Our operations often seem to be found out when messages are sent.

- This seems to have led to the leaking of our HQ location. There's a good chance that was the cause of this aerial-mage-unit attack. Please use officer messengers and work to shorten messages as well as avoid repetition.

- Frequent use of ideological terms is an extreme weak point in terms of - encoding.

Please know that necessary intelligence being restricted during operations can invite extreme difficulties. But aside from Command, everyone did their best.

Letting our comrades die like dogs was entirely Command's failure, so please refrain from blaming the units beneath us. I wish luck to all our comrades in arms.

Long live the motherland, the party, and the people.

## THE SAME DAY, MOSKVA, COMMISSARIAT FOR INTERNAL AFFAIRS OFFICE

The moment he finished reading it, the feeling he had was of a great nothingness. In response to the outcome of the clash with the Imperial Army, the commissar for internal affairs, Loria, emitted a deep sigh.

"... How awful. I never thought it would get this bad."

The official report, the copies of telegrams, and the insider he'd sent to inform him...

"Numerical superiority, plenty of equipment-we even improved the supply lines, and this is what we end up with?"

Their current status was more miserable than he could have imagined.

An enemy airborne unit caught them from the rear, and after throwing them into confusion, the Imperial Army, with armoured troops as the main thrust, punched through their front to encircle and annihilate them. This army should have been doubly prepared for this day but collapsed so fast, the fight was like a scene from a poorly made propaganda film.

The only difference between that and one of those videos the party made was the gap between the heroes and the villains.

With the exception of the Federation Army, which was supposed to win, getting mopped up and being driven off by the Imperial Army, which was supposed to lose, everything was just like in the films. The fellows at the studio were apparently more talented in their pursuit of reality than one might think.

Shall I send them all to Sildberia? The resemblance was so uncanny that he half felt like actually taking out his anger on the filmmakers in that way.

"So this was a serious blow to the army, then?"

A little effort apparently wouldn't be enough to turn the war around. One read through was enough to see that. To put it plainly, this situation couldn't be solved with the all-purpose lack of revolutionary spirit line.

"Tell me something, comrade. Were there any issues with how the Western Army was operating?"

"I hear it was basically according to doctrine, sir."

This staffer had a lot of nerve for a mere colonel-implying that ultimately, it wasn't the army's fault.

Of course, that's why Loria had chosen him to serve under him.

"Just to confirm, when you say basically, do you mean there was some exception?"

"Apparently, there was some planning with the political commissars in the field to reinterpret orders how they saw fit."

"Comrade Colonel, I'm not blaming anyone. This inquiry isn't about making accusations. Could you perhaps tell me what sort of changes were made to the doctrine?" Loria continued, "If I felt like purging somebody, I could make up any number of reasons. I just want to know what the situation is on the ground. My question is clear, Comrade Colonel. What sort of changes did the commanders in the field require?"

"... I don't think it's the sort of thing that bears reporting to the Commissariat for Internal Affairs..."

"Comrade, I thought you understood me."

After all, the General Staff kept sending him liaison officer assistants like human sacrifices. Even this colonel had only recently been able to speak without flinching.

"To put it simply, they were slight tactical improvements made on the ground taking into account the skill level of the troops and the partial tactical withdrawal."

"Ohhh? Slight? "

"... Comrade, couldn't you please accept slight...?"

Although the purging of the military was a great success when it came to bending it to the army's will, when it came to acknowledging the officers' selfrespect as specialists and making good use of them, it seemed his predecessor had gone a bit too far.

In the end, perhaps the omnipotent medicine of revolutionary ideology was pseudo opium. So the path to establishing socialism would require some adjustments. As long as they were trying to bypass a bourgeoisie revolution, necessary fixes should be made along the way.

"So I'd like to ask a question. Does our army need to make major changes on the ground?"

The colonel was silent, but at the point that he didn't blurt any denials, his true feelings were out. And to go a step further, those feelings were surely the feelings of the Federation Army's General Staff.

"Hmm." Loria nodded before giving his conclusion. "So there's an issue with the doctrine?"

"Comrade Loria, may I say something?"

"Our beloved comrade forerunners said that knowing the problem was halfway to solving it. Shouldn't we be happy to know where the problem lies? Smile," he said with a grin at the colonel, who was growing nervous. Then he continued, "Let's be frank. I didn't think we would lose this badly. Wasn't the army's estimation that even if we took a counterattack, we'd be able to end things in a stalemate if we made it a firefight?"

"I beg your pardon, but you probably want to talk to someone higher ranking..."

Grinning warmly, Loria peered into the colonel's eyes. Checking his reflection there, he seemed to be smiling fairly nicely. Nevertheless, every liaison officer selected by the General Staff ended up, unconsciously or not, backing away from him.

"May I hear what the General Staff thinks?"

Across the desk, the colonel stood at attention, and Loria felt it wrong that he was sitting, so he stood as well and reached out to put a hand on the man's shoulder.

The colonel had a fine physique with plenty of muscle... If Loria sent him to the lager, he would be a decent source of labor. But specialists like him had to be made to contribute their specialized knowledge. Loria knew that was more profitable for the party and the motherland.

"Hey, comrade."

"I'm merely interested in hearing what a specialist such as yourself thinks. I'm not going to tell you to turn in your superior or inform on anyone. You understand that, right?" Loria, for his part, had already stationed whistleblowers and informers in the General Staff by the gross. There was absolutely no need to have this colonel take that role. What he needed wasn't a report from an agent but the mainstream view of a specialist on the inside. "What are things like at the General Staff Office?"

"Honestly, the shock has everyone frightened."

"They're shocked? Hmm, kindly continue."

It was very easy for Loria to tell when someone was overly nervous.

The expression on the colonel's face as he agreed was one of someone trying his best not to have any expression at all. If Loria had wriggled his nose, surely the man's face would have tensed up even further.

That said, scaring him would achieve nothing. Loria urged him on in the tone he felt sounded like a loving father.

"I don't understand soldiers' thought processes perfectly, but I understand how you feel. I didn't expect the kind of losses we suffered this time, either. So?"

At Loria's comment, the colonel, nodding, opened his mouth to speak. "Our superiors sent in their pet security division and a division of artillery. We were fully expecting excellent results. no one thought it would end like this."

"Hrm." Loria growled and fell silent.

It wasn't as if it was a horrible habit, but higher-ranking officers of the General Staff were exceptionally talented at making safe remarks.

He was capable of discarding the linguistic flourishes, but he couldn't for the life of him fathom why the colonel felt it necessary to give a report that simply rephrased the word shocking.

... Is he that hesitant? In that case, I definitely have to know what's going on.

"Let's stop beating around the bush. What happened? I want to believe we put forth our best efforts, but..."

"... May I speak frankly with you, Comrade Commissar?"

"Of course, Comrade Colonel. Isn't that a given? If there is anything at all I can do for the people, I want to hear about it."

There, Loria realized he didn't phrase that well. The colonel before him, who had gone pale as a sheet, was like a little bird right before being sentenced to exile in Sildberia.

That wasn't Loria's intention this time, but... since he had used the same line to clean up a great many reactionary elements, including his predecessor, perhaps it would be better if he changed his phrasing.

"It seems like I should rephrase that, comrade."

"N-n-not at all-"

"Yes, I should." Loria shut him up with a wave of his hand. "Even if the army gets any punishment for the defeat, it will be left up to the court-martial. I personally guarantee that the staff of the Commissariat for Internal Affairs will not intervene. Relax," he said grandly. And the reaction was extreme. The colonel, who until moments ago had been one step removed from a corpse, came back to life like Lazarus.

"... Could you make that promise to the General Staff?"

"I'll support you at the party meeting. And I'll talk to Comrade General Secretary personally. Is that enough of a guarantee?"

"Thank you!"

"As long as you're happy. So?"

"Huh?"

Apparently, the colonel was so delighted, he had forgotten something important. Loria would endure the political commissars' unpleasantness only in exchange for him talking.

"I want to identify the problem. Then we'll report it to our comrades along with Comrade General Secretary and fix what needs fixing... Comrade, don't you think it would be difficult to defend the army if there wasn't a problem?"

To put it another way, if he didn't talk, there was no guarantee.

"... Well, the problem..."

"Yes, what is it?"

"A lack of air superiority. We failed to eradicate the enemy from the sky."

"The fleet was supposed to have received a good amount of reinforcements. Didn't it?"

"Comrade Colonel, I can tell from your attitude thus far." Loria patted the colonel's shoulder with a sigh and sat back down. If he was being this generous and a man with guts still couldn't speak his mind...

It wasn't hard to imagine the existence of a taboo.

And what sort it was.

"Is this about aerial mages?"

Though he replied timidly, it was probably praiseworthy that he'd honestly admitted it. Loria needed men like this.

"I'd like you to explain. Isn't the effect mages have on air superiority negligible? I've heard they can only be a minimal threat to planes."

"The issue is everything about them. This is an extreme example, but aerial mages mainly fight at lower altitudes. We have reports of Named who are flying higher, but they're in the minority."

"I'm aware of that. What about it?"

That's how that fairy came to visit Moskva.

If he had known, he would have personally done much, much, much- multiple times-more to keep her from getting away.

... He had given the point people who had made light of mages bodily reeducation, but this was such a huge defeat that he was compelled to feel that wasn't enough.

"Air combat at its essence is getting into position. This is the root of a large misunderstanding."

"I don't know much about it, but the idea is to get behind the enemy to fire, right?"

"Yes." The colonel nodded, and he began to explain the basics of aerial combat in a familiar way. It made sense that the General Staff had dispatched him as the liaison officer.

"According to ace pilots, practically everything depends on finding the enemy as well as a superior spot to fire from."

"I see. So it's not like the old days where you used to just point guns at each other and shoot."

"No, it's as you say. That's why it turns into a dogfight and getting into a good firing position becomes so critical. So," the colonel continued, "on this point, our mainstay fighter planes' specs are such that they're much faster than mages, which meant... that on paper, with those specs, they were argued to be superior."

With the repetition of the word specs, even a man who wasn't a military specialist could imagine what he was trying to say. Surmising that it must have been mere theory, Loria shook his head. "So what's the actual situation?"

"We can't even engage."

Loria gasped in spite of himself. It was easy enough to regain superficial composure, but inside he was troubled. News to me...

Of course, publicly, they had stressed that it was possible to resist mages with planes.

"Why not?"

"Planes need to land on runways, while mages can land anywhere their mission demands."

That was enough to explain that they had a choice. Once the colonel was satisfied the commissar understood, he said something rather quickly that Loria had never heard before.

"To be perfectly honest, rather than fighting it out with the planes, they can hole up at ground level and transform immediately into an anti-air firing nest."

"What about taking them out with the infantry?"

"It would be extremely difficult to defeat them with infantry firepower. Antitank rifles just barely work, but it's too hard to aim at them with bolt-action models."

In other words, from an operation standpoint, it was impossible to use infantry for this job.

"I thought we were able to boast that they were 'reactionary relics' slower than planes, weaker than tanks, and fewer than foot soldiers."

From the dumbfounded look on the man's face, Loria realized his childish comment was being misunderstood, so he hurried to take back his joke.

"I was kidding, Comrade Colonel."

It wasn't that he didn't understand. On the contrary, he knew what a little filly his precious fairy was. How satisfying it would be to break her.

"They can be deployed more freely than planes, their defense is solid enough to be comparable to a tank's, and they're also as multipurpose as soldiers, right?... Sheesh, I thought I had it figured out in my head, but this really is a handful of a service, huh?"

The reason a military power like the Empire, or a highly militaristic organization like the Imperial Army, would make such extensive use of aerial mage units was that they were so convenient. It was impossible to laugh them off as anachronistic reactionaries clinging to magic.

He had to acknowledge their advanced maneuvers that had taken off the tops of not one but two, three forces. The Empire's magic army wasn't about ideological reaction-it was progressive.

"So only aerial mages can fight aerial mages? Hmm, but this is indeed a problem."

"Huh?"

Blank looks. Right, these guys are soldiers, after all.

"And it's awkward that the Western Army was emphasizing the contributions of the aerial mages, Comrade Colonel."

These guys are so dense, thought Loria, feeling slightly irritated. Soldiers paid too much attention to practical matters. He couldn't have them looking down on theory and politics.

"You must think we threw too many of them into the lager, but this is a bit of a delicate matter."

"Why is that, comrade?"

"Doesn't it sound like an excuse?"

Though the colonel said nothing, his shocked expression showed that he acknowledged his mistake. Their view must have been clouded as they marvelled that he had actually out and said it.

"... But they were trying so hard to tell you what was actually going on."

"And you're right, of course. The problem is that I and many other nomenklatura[9] weren't informed of any of this to begin with."

The magic officers during the czarist period had been a firm force of resistance against the revolutionary administration. Federation nomenklaturas' allergy to magic was severe. Magic? We'll drive it off with science. That's what they boasted, and in reality, they were close to eradicating the mages within the Federation, so it was difficult to change their mind so abruptly.

"... It can't be justified politically." A soldier groaned in a strained voice and Loria simply confirmed.

"I'm not sure it's necessary to be so extreme, but... if pressed, I'd say you're right. I mean, even Comrade General Secretary dislikes aerial mages." So it's true? they asked with their eyes, and Loria added with a wince, "If you faced resistance from them in the counterrevolutionary war, and more recently nearly got your house burned down by them, wouldn't it be logical to hate mages?"

"Yes, you're right, comrade."

"That said, we can't ignore the realities of the battlefield. We should be able to say To hell with it and reinforce our mage units in a big way."

Loria was used to being stared at in disbelief. But getting a look containing respect from sober soldiers undestroyed by ideology made even him blush.

"We have to use anything we can. That's war."

Digging up and learning the minute details about these creatures known as aerial mages while chasing the fairy, his precious one, was a major factor. We can use aerial mages.

No wonder the previous establishment had made such good use of them.

That was the conclusion this capable pervert of a political monster Loria arrived at. Though it was a sensitive matter, politically and ideologically, to praise heroism and magic theory too much, he had to admit that aerial mage units had their uses.

"Haaah," he sighed quietly as he lamented, "at this rate, the state will regret not conducting proper magic aptitude tests."

Mages were the elites of the czarist era. In response to the revolution, mages had long been seen as enemies of their class.

In the context of the Federation, it was like being born in original sin.

For that reason, though the Federation's Communist Party recognized that mages required "reeducation," the idea of actually performing an extensive search for talent was missing. Well, that made sense. Nobody wanted to go anywhere near that taboo. To tell the truth, they had the technology to test for magic aptitude... but it was used to expose antiestablishment factions. If they wanted to throw someone in the lager, they tested the person, and if they had the aptitude, they were locked up for being a mage in hiding. It wasn't called a "modern witch hunt" for no reason.

Sheesh. Loria shook his head.

His specialty was politics, not the military. Things outside one's area of expertise went better when left to an expert on a leash.

Shrugging, he winced. I'm not cut out for this. Then he reached for another document case and began to look over the neat bundle of papers.

"Now then, I have to read these results..."

They had suffered a major loss on the lines against the Empire. The politburo was even unofficially debating a temporary compromise with reactionary influences. Wouldn't a cease-fire and peace happen if the Empire was reasonable? It was easy to imagine many party members thinking that.

But... as far as Loria could see, it was unclear whether they would get a ceasefire, much less peace.

The Federation Army had suffered a major defeat. The Imperial Army was winning fight after fight. If no one could beat the Imperial Army, then peace was a kind of theoretical. And only a theoretical.

And a cease-fire would be difficult to accomplish. Loria remembered with a wince how many times they had gotten into battles over terms in order to reach a cease-fire agreement during the civil war.

All the numbskull obsessed with how things "should" be clung to the word probably.

This was the definition of ludicrous. It took only one glance at human history to see how poorly this species understood anything. Putting together an encyclopedia of stupidity would be an undertaking on a national scale.

But he was looking forward to seeing the other side of the possibilities that probably presented. He was taking a close look at the documents that had been collected into a report so he could prepare for any potentialities when his brow relaxed slightly.

In his hand was a survey of living conditions inside the Empire. It wasn't a highly classified document, but public opinion in one's enemy countries could be surprisingly key.

Sometimes the nebulous spirit of the age transformed into something else.

"I figured the Empire was pleased with their victory, but... are they drunk on it?"

It's a possibility, but as far as I can tell from this editorial... Do they not even realize they're oozing this greed?

He flipped to another translated article and a smile crept across his lips.

The fervent public opinion in the Empire was that fruits "worthy" of their "victory" should be demanded. Loria could appreciate that to an extent, but as far as he could tell, this was much more than he would have expected.

"A huge sum of reparations, outrageous demands... You want this much in exchange for peace?"

An EIC drunk on victory spouting grand nonsense about the Empire leading a new world order was one thing. And it was plausible that the people of the Empire wanted reparations.

But... That was as far as Loria could understand. If the environment in the Empire was such that they could dribble their ambitions all over the papers like this without any restraint, that meant something definitively different.

"This... this is... O-ohhh... It looks like we have horrible luck!"

He was sure that all imperial publications went through the inspections. That meant that for this article to pass, a censor had to feel that it had no issues. In that case, it represented "their" latent consciousness as a whole society.

"I thought there were people over there who understood politics, but... I guess they aren't the ones in power. This is just so..."... fascinating. He grinned inwardly. "More than enough is too much. Apparently, we don't have a monopoly on repeating your mistakes."

The Empire guarded its military secrets heavily, but in terms of politics, it was completely naive. They had far too little experience with this type of thing.

It made their awareness of espionage, which was not low by any means, a miserable thing. Even Loria, who considered himself immune from pity, wanted to express his condolences.

They were cautious against "spies."

It was both correct and idiotic. They protected only the things they wanted to hide and left everything else out in the open-despite the fact that the whole premise of information warfare was putting together innocuous little things like a puzzle to paint a bigger picture.

Loria's exhalation trembled with desire.

"So people really do support you when you're on the path to love..."

He thought he would have to give up on his sweet little fairy, but he was no longer anxious.

The war will continue long enough for me to pluck her.

"... This is what's so fun about ochlocracy."

The Imperial Army probably thought they were censoring the press... but censorship wasn't enough. What the newspapers needed was guidance, but the Empire must not have understood that.

The Empire was an old country, after all. They operated by tradition, so their imaginations were stuck in the old world.

They were right to call themselves, their Reich, a military power. Their state was built by the army. They knew nothing of political influence-they had only ever flashed their swords.

"How utterly fascinating and ironic..."

Meanwhile, in the Federation, the party was supreme. It was only natural that the Empire and the Federation had different strengths. And there was no reason one had to attempt to compete in the other's field.

"... So we really should fight with politics."

## AROUND THE SAME TIME, FORMER ENTENTE ALLIANCE TERRITORY, THE NORTHERN LIBERATED ZONE (WHAT THE PARTISANS AND FEDERATION ARMY CALLED IT) / THE REGION CRAWLING WITH PARTISANS (WHAT THE EMPIRE CALLED IT)

Perhaps it happened because the Federation's change of direction was being discussed on a grand-strategy level. Someone rolled a die for fun, and the whole world began to change as a result.

The clash on what the Empire referred to as the eastern front became a huge turning point. The aftermath came like a flood and necessarily impacted the operations of the multinational unit in former Entente Alliance territory, which was considered a secondary front compared to the eastern front.

Like all things, it was the result of the guidance of an invisible hand trying to accomplish something that no one intended.

Yes, somebody called it an invisible hand.

that they would scrape together seasoned troops from wherever they could get them.

... But theory was only theory in the end. Asked if it resonated, Lieutenant Colonel Drake was actually discouraged.

"I didn't expect to be withdrawing... I understand the necessity, but wow, it's a drag."

"I guess consideration for the partisans' interests won out in the end. We're only guests here. Even if we leave, it won't affect them that much."

"It's because they've been cautious that we can leave without being crushed under guilt."

"... I guess we should be grateful for their wisdom."

"No doubt about that." Drake nodded emotionally to Mikel's comment.

What started as information sharing and propaganda had grown into building a network. In addition to standard Entente Alliance language, they had been putting in an effort to learn some dialect to grab the hearts of the people, but now they were being told to withdraw.

"Barring other orders from the home country, we'll probably withdraw with you. The problem is how to get away. Should we just accept that it'll give off a huge mana signal and do a long-distance flight?"

"That's a bit too much ingratitude."

The chance of mages lurking in partisan territory being high or low would surely be a large factor in how the Imperial Army would deal with them. Naturally, the partisans, who had the short end of the power imbalance, would hope the imperials would be cautious.

So the tactical intel of the departure of Mikel, Drake, and their troops was something they would want to hide for as long as possible.

"Still, it's only a matter of time before it comes out."

"... We gave some of our equipment to what few former Entente Alliance Army mages were left."

"Sorry, former mages? I never heard anything about that."

"I only learned of them officially just now."

"... Reserves?" Drake asked, but Mikel shook his head.

"Worse. They're the age of my dead grandmother."

"Oh man. War really does a number on respect for the aged, huh? Are they just decoys carrying orbs around? That's something else..."

"Well, if the orb reacts... And what's more, apparently, they all volunteered."

"Volunteered? They allowed that?" He refrained from saying, Under these circumstances?

"That's what it would mean."

"... I'll pretend I didn't hear that. Some of my subordinates are too sensitive to news like that. I don't want any more discipline issues."

"Makes sense."

"Politics is just such a pain. But war is even more of a monster. You never know what will happen tomorrow."

"You mean this world is just one big lager? Ha-ha-ha, that's pretty funny." Mikel was trying to laugh it up, but his mouth was tense.

Drake was considerate enough to pretend he didn't notice, but he had the feeling he had caught a glimpse of something that left him no room to say anything.

"The world outside is still better, Colonel. Out here, I can fight as a human and die as a man of my homeland."

"That's what you want, huh, sir?"

"It really is. All right, let's explain to our guys that we're packing up... Well, the main lines will be a harder fight than we've had here-there's the potential to deal a real blow to the enemy. Let's think of it like that."

"Understood."

Reviewing their conversation, Lieutenant Colonel Drake stared silently into his mug of now lukewarm tea, feeling bitter.

Why is it that whether it's tea or your mood, they both have to cool down?

If he had to give a reason, the conclusion he reached wasn't very gentlemanly. Maybe it was inspired by the problematic individual sitting across from him, who made him a bit weary. She's such a handful...

"We're withdrawing? Now? At this critical moment?!"

"That's right, Lieutenant Sue."

"But the partisans are only just finally-finally-starting to accept us! If we would just hold our ground! We could free my homeland!"

Even Drake could understand what the look in her determined eyes was trying to tell him.

"I agree that they're accepting us. Even I agree with you there. We're withdrawing right as we're able to build a cooperative relationship. I'd be hardpressed to say it's not unfortunate."

Most of the highly mobile imperial troops had been sent to the eastern front for the major head-on clash with the Federation Army there. The Devil of the Rhine who had so tormented him previously and the other enemy aerial mages hadn't been operating in their area of the former Entente Alliance territory, which meant things were going well. But that was also what gave Sue hope.

... So... Drake sighed before he spoke. "The situation has changed."

Things had changed so much, he probably should have added fundamentally.

"I'll give you a short explanation. The recent Federation offensive led to a decrease in imperial troops in and north of Norden, which gave us a major advantage."

"So then shouldn't we stay...?"

This girl arguing about whys was a first lieutenant in rank only; Drake realized, as an officer, that he had to give a straightforward explanation.

"I'm going to get to the point, Lieutenant Sue."

He knew telling her to shut up with his hands, mouth, and eyes would be rough. Nevertheless, he held up a hand, told her to shut up, and glared at her. Perhaps his final act of kindness was to withhold the Just listen.

"Unfortunately, our allies in the east lost. It was a major, full-frontal defeat."

"... What do you mean, they lost?"

It was never fun to be the bearer of bad news. And once they had learned that the Federation Army wasn't 100 percent pure Commie, it hit closer to home.

Colonel Mikel and other good people like him... And so many of them. Far too many must have sunk into the mud.

"The Federation's military, mainly the Western Army, carried out their counteroffensive as planned, but the operation failed. Problems piled up, and the counterattacks conducted by Imperial Army units have brought their lines close to collapsing."

Close to is a kind way of putting it.

Drake inwardly mocked himself. The intel and map made it obvious. The imperial units didn't let the awful muddy roads stop them in their resolute advance to the east. The Federation Army lines should have been stopping them, but they fiercely shoved them back.

The worst news of all was that decapitation tactics had been used. The Federation Western Army Headquarters, which should have been handling the situation, was almost completely destroyed.

"The details haven't been confirmed, but it's been reported that the regional headquarters has been annihilated. And the report mentioned a familiar enemy... the Devil of the Rhine."

Those words- the Devil of the Rhine -had a dramatic effect. Up until that moment, Mary had been keeping a discontented silence, but at the mention of that name, her mouth twitched nervously.

Her expression changed, and she stared at Drake for more information. He worked to keep from wincing and continued, "Apparently, they used classic decapitation tactics."

"Headquarters wasn't prepared for that?"

"That's a good question."

For a moment, he actually felt like he was having a conversation with a fellow officer. As a magic officer of the Commonwealth Army, it was only natural to learn from the battlefield. Drake had a curious fondness for talks and lessons like these.

"My personal guess is that... it would be weirder if they didn't have a defense plan. It seems reasonable to think that they got punched through despite that."

"You mean even after taking preventative measures?"

"I'm sure of it." Drake nodded without hesitation. "Those measures are just trial and error, you know."

"... So that means this enemy didn't leave room for a single error?"

"Right." Drake nodded as if he had been thinking the same thing himself. "And that mage battalion must have been those guys. If they were the ones who attacked the headquarters, then it makes sense that even the unexpected would turn to expected."

"And that's why headquarters fell?"

"Yes. That's how I personally see it."

Even a fully outfitted marine mage unit wouldn't have been able to prevent it with some half-baked preventative measures if they met some real, salty pros. If Drake himself was ordered to protect HQ from those guys, he was anxious that he would have a hard time unless he could come up with something awfully clever.

"When we get back, we'll be able to read a proper report. Are we on the same page, Lieutenant?"

"... Yes, Colonel. Your view makes sense to me."

How nice it is to just nod and say thank you. Sensing this was a good chance to have a talk with her, he continued, "What our allies have found out so far is that the chain of command was destroyed so suddenly that things fell apart. Then it was an encirclement-and-annihilation battle."

Decapitation tactics. They came around so often, they might as well have been the Imperial Army mage units' traditional performing art.

Apparently, even if you resisted by strengthening direct support and using every anti-air gun you had, imperial aerial mages would somehow find a way through.

After Mary heard that explanation, she asked a single question. "Were there any other reports about the Devil of the Rhine?"

"There are signs she's operating on the eastern front. Unfortunately, it's hard to get any information besides that. Sorry." As he apologized, he finally got to the point. "So that's why we need to move. All our fighting forces must head to the eastern front. That's what joint HQ decided."

She glanced at him. The look in her eyes, like that of a child who didn't want to go home, got on his nerves. If this was a marine magic officer of the Commonwealth, he would have told her not to be so servile, to have the selfrespect of an officer, but... she was a volunteer and part of a group who had been through a short, accelerated training program.

It was an awkward situation, but Drake felt he had no choice but to argue her over to his side, so he spared no effort and said all he could. "Experienced mage units like ours are needed on the front lines. We may be receiving guidance from the Federation units, but our presence on the forward-most line will demonstrate an international united front."

"S-so you're telling me to just abandon the Entente Alliance?"

"Don't misunderstand, Lieutenant. That's definitely not what I'm saying."

It was clear as ever that to check the Empire, it was necessary to compel them to carry out operations on multiple fronts. Or, rather, it was even more important now. The strategic value had risen since the Federation's major defeat on the eastern front.

There isn't a single soldier who feels nothing for their home. Soldier or not, who doesn't have feelings for their home? It's natural to have a bond with the land you were born on.

So for once, Drake could sympathize with this Entente Alliance girl Mary Sue. No matter how crazy she was, how embarrassing, or if her emotional grasp of the ideas could use some work, in his head, he respected her feelings.

"I understand how you feel. So I promise you as an officer and on my honor as an individual: As far as I know, the higher-ups don't have any intention of abandoning it, either. At least," he continued, "according to Colonel Mikel, the Federation intends to continue their support. They're in a tough spot themselves, which is probably why they're hoping the guerrillas will dominate the northern part of the Empire."

Weapons aid, intel support, and training if necessary-the Federation Army was working hard to provide the orthodox basics of partisan support.

"But wouldn't real support mean staying?"

"... Honestly, I'm not so sure."

There was a simple reason the option of remaining didn't come in his conversations with Mikel. It was just that clear how badly mages were needed on the main lines.

"I think we're pretty effective at supporting the partisans..."

"... It's not as if we have no effect, that's true. But it's also the case that the type of support we can provide is disjointed and limited."

"What do you mean by limited?"

"The Republican Army tried things like long-range mage-unit advances and militia support on the Rhine front, and everyone knows how that turned out. What happened at Arene was undesirable, to put it mildly."

The plan for a mass uprising of militia supported by aerial mages had seemed perfect on paper, but it was powerless in the face of the overwhelming force of a regular army.

The besieged troops may have been holed up in the city, but if they couldn't disable the enemy guns, they ended up as mere targets. Whether the world wished it so or not, it had to be acknowledged as reality.

"But here we-"

"You're trying to say that since the enemy is dispersed, they're somewhat subdued?"

Sue nodded, and in part, her impressions were correct. Unexpectedly, perhaps it should be said... the Imperial Army had become distractingly restrained and polite in response to the threat of mages mixed in among the partisans.

"I guess we should take it that they're using what they learned cleaning up on the eastern front to deter partisans."

"They... learned?"

"That's right." Drake nodded. "They've realized how foolish it is to overreact to sporadic attacks. But there's a limit to these things..."

Once a threshold was crossed, they would necessarily turn into beasts driven by raison d'état. If partisans and mages holed up at the root of the communication lines or a foothold put up organized resistance, a heavily armed unit would show up.

"Ultimately, the harassment we're carrying out is within what the enemy can accept. So don't you think it would be better to do something more than harassment on the front lines instead?"

"But if you can't leave the unit, I could..."

He had expected her to say that, so he wasn't surprised one bit. And even Drake could understand. The love for her homeland that made her want to stay, want to continue resisting, was commendable. But his position was such that he had to reply with a sober expression. "If we're going to fight a clean war according to the rules, I'm not sure a solo mage staying behind for a combat mission will fly. Regardless of the interpretations for a unit's fighting, the interpretations for a single combatant are split."

"That's ridiculous. I-"

"It's not that I don't agree with you, but it's thanks to those ridiculous rules that we're just barely maintaining human society. That's just how it goes."

"How can you-?"

"Please appreciate our situation, Lieutenant. It's undeniable that our being dispatched here was based more on political factors than military strategy. Listen." He broke things down to persuade her, hoping she would understand. "Sending a large aerial mage unit was an unprecedented measure to begin with. Considering how the war situation is worsening, the only right move is to withdraw before things get more complicated."

If they were stuck trying to withdraw after the Empire sent a cleanup unit farther north than Norden, partisan trust in the Federation and Commonwealth would be compromised.

Should I just spell it out? Drake braced himself to speak. "If we act now, we can use the worsening war situation as justification to move." You get it, right? He looked at her.

Withdrawing wasn't a choice that felt good for anyone.

But now and only now could they pull out with the least friction. At this point, it was still possible for everyone involved to find common ground.

"I'll be frank, Lieutenant. If we have to beat a fighting retreat, and your homeland gets caught up in it, you'll see a jump in losses."

He was trying to be logical and meet her in the middle, not just drown out her voice. This would be so easy if she would just understand. With that hope in mind, Drake said a prayer as he gave her his final conclusion.

"We're moving out. Have the troops get their stuff together."

"You get it?"

If she would understand, even if reluctantly... If she would just understand as an officer, as a soldier, with some part of her mind...

"... Will we... or I... be able to come back again?"

"Let's hope so."

"Hope?... Understood."

"You do? Thanks."

That was a little nod she just did! At that moment, a weight was lifted off Drake's shoulders-he could have cheered.

Even naval artillery shells are lighter than this! he thought; his face muscles were threatening to grin, but he pulled them into a sober expression.

"If we can, it would be great to see everyone again."

"Yes, it would be great if we could all safely meet up in the future."

"Well, I guess I'll get packing."

"Please do."

Sue looked the same as ever as she saluted, but to the extent that he could see her endeavouring to imitate the officer manual, he could at least term her a novice soldier.

Has she ameliorated some of the nonsense in her behavior?

... No, what is it? Something standoffish? Wait. He abruptly called out to stop Sue as she was about to leave the room. "Could you wait a moment?"

Something was bothering him.

That was all.

But Drake's hunches were what had allowed him to survive so long.

"Lieutenant Sue, tell me something honestly."

"Sir?"

"Having discussed it this much, I think you understand that we can't leave you behind, but..."

"... Ngh. Yes, sir."

"You want to stay so badly that you would go absent without leave?"

"Colonel Drake, please..."

"I can't let you do that."

"... There's no way?"

Contrary to how easy her expressions were to read, she sure lacked understanding as usual. What can we do with her? Drake was realizing that he was out of ways to persuade her.

He could shout her down or throw every bit of logic he had at her, but this one's determination wouldn't be rocked by anything so simple.

With no other choice, he reached out a hand and called up the Federationside HQ.

He was used to the procedure of the interpreter picking up on a single ring and challenging the caller. "It's Lieutenant Colonel Drake. I'd like to leave a message for Colonel Mikel. Can you tell him that I have someone here who needs convincing from one of his political officers?"

"Yes, Colonel... But convincing, sir?"

From the slight gasp and puzzled question coming over the receiver, it was clear that the man didn't understand what was going on.

Well, of course he didn't.

Why would an interpreter have any idea why a Commonwealth soldier would be requesting convincing from a political officer?

"He should understand if you tell him I'd like First Lieutenant Lilia Ivanovo Tanechka to speak with her friend First Lieutenant Mary Sue. She seems to be awfully homesick. I feel like a friend would be able to get through to her better than someone like me."

"Understood," the interpreter responded, and after a brief exchange in Federation language, he relayed that they had agreed. "That can be arranged. Was there anything else, Colonel Drake?"

"Thanks. That's it. I appreciate it."

When he clunked the receiver back into place, he gazed up at the ceiling in spite of himself. Things should be fine for now, at least.

... Or maybe I should hope they will? But no, political officers follow orders well enough to make themselves useful.

"What a mess this is."

I never thought the day would come that I'd rather have an obedient Communist as a subordinate. That's just terrific. I've never even daydreamed of it since my first day in the service.

"... Shit. I get it, but... Why does there have to be such a huge discrepancy?"

Ever since the Great War broke out, so many aerial mages had fallen, yet the imperial units remained their army's sharpened spear tip?

The enemy mages burned army headquarters while my subordinates are off living in their own worlds. O God, whatever is this trial for?

## AROUND THE SAME TIME, EASTERN FRONT, IMPERIAL ARMY FORWARD POSITION (AT THE CROSSING)

Even flawed, what is a victory if not a victory? Especially if it's a definitive victory that will probably go down in history.

The eastern front is broader than those where we wiped out the Republican Army, but when the enemy carried out an all-or-nothing offensive, we surrounded them in a reversal. That's virtually a golden formula for crushing the enemy field army.

Having come this far, the Imperial Army has realized its long-cherished desire.

In the strategic realm, this was our second encircle-and-annihilate operation. And what's more, the victory comes with a huge leap forward compared to the time we did it when our own territory was under attack.

All's well that ends well. no one is thinking about trivial errors during the last step. In the end, it was such a brilliant breakthrough in the east, which was deadlocked not so long ago.

This is what it's like to get a supremely sweet sip when you're dying of thirst in the desert. Or maybe it's even better than that. A complete victory is a seductive wine that can steep you in feelings of omnipotence.

We won, our enemies lost, and the name of the Reich, crown of the world, has been proclaimed far and wide. At this point, the Federation will have to start thinking about a compromise.

Even Lieutenant Colonel Tanya von Degurechaff is overjoyed, hopeful that the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk[10] is just around the corner.

That's what a magnificent victory it was.

On the operational level, it must have been definitive.

"Ha-ha-ha! Wonderful! This is wonderful!"

With a smile like she's gotten exactly what she wanted, Tanya strokes her relaxed cheeks in spite of herself.

When was the last time I smiled from my heart?

After getting thrown into this stupid world by Being X, I've been struggling in the Reich with its mess of crazy neighbours, and finally, finally, there's some light at the end of the tunnel.

I'm ready to raise a hearty cheer.

Though we may have let some of the defeated remnants get away, all that faces us is the Federation, having lost its field army. If the Council for SelfGovernment is encouraged by our military victory and becomes even more proEmpire, peace and security should be possible after the war.

... It'll be at least twenty years of peace. Given that much time, they'll secure a splendid position in society, defect, make a name for themselves, or carry on with a peaceful, secluded life-they'll have the freedom to choose how to live. Freedom. Yes, golden freedom.

And so, with the camera First Lieutenant Serebryakov procured from somewhere slung around her neck, Tanya and the other officers of the Salamander Kampfgruppe even have enough time to take a commemorative photo.

"Colonel, would you like to take a photo?!"

"Please do!" Tanya replies to her camera-wielding adjutant, practically shouting, It's worth commemorating! in her buoyant mood, standing on the bridge they captured and posing.

"What a great job the airborne guys did securing this position unscathed! And I never thought we'd have so much film!"

"It reminds me of Moskva."

"Moskva, Lieutenant?"

"Yes." Serebryakov nods with an unaffected smile. "Because we used film we borrowed from the Federation."

"... Oh, that's what you mean, right."

Photographs and video may be different media, but the two occurrences shared the fact that they had played around with equipment acquired on the ground. Just like Sun Tzu said, being able to procure supplies in enemy territory is such an advantage. It's efficient, cost-effective, and, best of all, doesn't take a thing out of your own pocket. Tanya is in such a good mood, she asks Serebryakov for something she never would normally.

"Once the photos are developed, bring me a few. I'd like to hang them up."

It may be quite different from selfies on social media, but it's always a good idea to have some material to show off. Photographic evidence for discussing one's career with a worldly air is incredibly important- I was there that day. It's a practical application of signaling theory, or perhaps an extension of it.

"Of course! Please expect the highest-quality finish!"

"I will, naturally!"

Then she smiles and strikes some poses. Maybe she goes a little overboard, and just as it hits her that other people are watching, too...

"You're in a really good mood, huh, Colonel?"

"Ha-ha-ha! You bet, Major Weiss. I'll say this, since it's you I'm talking to... but I'd be an awful party pooper if I wasn't happy right now." When she asks, "Don't you think?" with a sidelong glance, everyone laughs, proud looks on their faces.

Great coordination, she thinks, though she can't overlook the stern face on a mid-ranking officer she sees out of the corner of her eye.

... Apparently, he heard me making fun of him loud and clear.

"Hey, Colonel von Degurechaff. Congrats on the victory."

"Oh, if it isn't Colonel Calandro!" She salutes ostentatiously as if she only just noticed him.

He salutes so sincerely-he must be good at putting on the right persona for the occasion. "I congratulate you on behalf of your ally Ildoa."

"Thank you. The airborne guys really pulled it off. No, it must have been the organic coordination among all the troops and our allies."

"Perhaps," murmurs Calandro. The esteemed Ildoan guest worked so hard, but... Tanya and the others have pulled off such an outstanding victory that they're a bit excited. "Please allow me to commend you on the splendid job you did. Only hearing really is... nothing compared to seeing. Whoever said a picture is worth a thousand words had the right idea."

"Oh?"

"Personnel, teamwork, support-I feel like I've gained a peek at a high-level way of combining these elementary factors."

"I'm honoured," Tanya replies adroitly with a smile. "Thank you so much for your kind words."

"... You don't have to stand on ceremony. Those are just my genuine feelings."

"Well then."

"Congratulations, Colonel von Degurechaff. Your state has really done it. I'm sure a cease-fire is only a matter of time now... You could say there's a diplomatic out in sight now, right?"

"If we don't get tripped up. With all due respect, it's not within our grasp just yet."

"But practically, it is, no?"

"The difference between almost grasped and actually in hand is subtle but very real."

Once upon a time, the Empire let a rat called De Lugo escape. When we realized he was less like a rat and more like a tiger, troops were sent to the southern continent. And now it has become evident that a few divisions down there won't be enough.

Given that failure, she wants to make sure that this time, their victory is complete. Wishes come true if you don't give up. The army has the overwhelming advantage necessary to get the Federation to agree to a ceasefire. After achieving that difficult victory, the rest is up to the diplomats.

"Until the cease-fire is agreed upon and peace realized, we're still at war. And if it's war, then soldiers must continue fighting to win."

"Not one to let your guard down, huh? That's a fine thing."

Tanya looks back at Calandro. Why would I?

Tanya isn't such an imbecile that she would neglect learning from her mistakes and let victory slip away twice. Tuition for the teacher called experience is too high. Paying twice for the same lesson isn't cost-effective at all. Or really, it's just a waste.

"Security is the greatest enemy, they always say. And isn't the truth everywhere you look?"

"I see." Calandro cracks a tired smile. "You have a point. Generally speaking, you're right. But-may I say something?"

"Of course."

"You're young. No, I don't want you to take that the wrong way. What I really mean is, look at all that you've accomplished at your age. It's praiseworthy. But there are some things you will only realize as you grow older." He laughs it off as the babbling of an older man.

Tanya considers how best to argue back but realizes none of the options benefits her, so she responds with a polite, vague smile.

Silence is golden. Gold is justice.

"Ultimately, what wins is common sense. Colonel von Degurechaff, no one wants to continue this ridiculous war at this ridiculous scale. If I may say so, the current situation is abnormal."

"... I have next to no experience in society outside of the army, so all I can say is that we shouldn't rely on wishful thinking."

"But with these results, it must be a sure thing. Having suffered a defeat this massive, even the Federation... Ah, but any more than this is just trying to see the future, and it's not the sort of thing we mid-ranking officers should be discussing anyhow." Calandro chuckles, as if to say that he's making too many predictions. "Don't you believe in the victory of reason, Colonel?"

"I believe in my own reason. But I can't be sure about other people I hardly know. I expect them to be reasonable, but trusting them is difficult."

"But raison d'état is different from the personal sort, isn't it? Besides." He gets a far-off look in his eyes as he continues, "The members of the Imperial Army General Staff, at least, seem reasonable... Ahhh, errr, I really am saying too much now."

"Hmm, that's trouble for me. If a colonel is going to clam up, then won't a mere lieutenant colonel like me have to be even more silent?"

"You got me there. I'm not usually so talkative. It'd be a lie to say I don't have an opinion, though. I know I should just be celebrating your achievements... Congratulations-that's really all I can say."

To the opportunists, even if the Imperial Army's definitive win isn't awful news, it's hard to call it good. This is probably an embarrassing position to be in for a soldier from Ildoa.

It's a stupid farce, but Ildoa-even like that-and the Empire are allied nations.

"To be frank, I just didn't think this would happen."

"Didn't think it would happen?" Interesting. Tanya engages. She's incredibly interested in hearing on what basis Ildoa ended up trying to take advantage of the situation. "Is this a chance for me to discreetly inquire as to how the Ildoan General Staff thinks the war will go?"

" Nein, if you'll allow me to brush off the question like they do in your country. I don't doubt our ally's victory for a minute."

"Sure," says Tanya, about to thank him. Calandro is being awfully generous today. In the end, these guys are sensible.

So they weren't sure if the Empire could pull it off?

Well, that's a reasonable level of wariness, thinks Tanya. The Imperial Army may be on a rampage against the entire world, but that in no way guarantees a victory on this scale. And it was close, so you can't even say they made assumptions without thinking and ended up being proven wrong.

"At least officially?"

"Of course officially."

"Do excuse me. Everything you say is correct, Colonel."

Sharing an unspoken understanding is a strange bond. Shrugging our shoulders and making liberal use of the space between the lines is actually quite intellectual and not unpleasant.

"What a rude lieutenant colonel you are."

"Well, I was raised in the field."

- "... I'm not sure what to say to that. Is this the sort of animal a Silver Wings - recipient is?"

Perhaps it's the anticipation of being able to participate in civilized activities like this more often once the war is over that's getting me excited.

Cease-fire, pacification, and then peace. At least I hope that's what happens.

"Well, I can't compete with that. I suppose I'll be going now."

"As long as you're here, why not tour the battlefield? I would hate for you to write in your official report that the Lergen Kampfgruppe didn't show you much of anything."

Tanya makes the offer out of pure goodwill. Calandro is nominally here to observe, and he's doing us the favor of going along with the "Lergen Kampfgruppe" fiction.

"As luck would have it, the principal officers of the Salamander Kampfgruppe, beneath the Lergen Kampfgruppe, happen to be free. I could have someone take you around."

"I appreciate the offer, but that's all right."

"Are you sure?"

That much entertaining we can do pretty painlessly..., Tanya was thinking, so she's caught off guard by this unexpected reply.

This is curious Colonel Calandro we're talking about. I thought he would be interested.

"Let's just say I spent the day having a good long chat with Colonel von Lergen. I can write that up with no trouble."

"I won't interrupt your celebration. Have a wonderful time."

She is about to say, You won't join us? But she knows you're not supposed to do things you know someone won't like to anyone but your enemies. After all, Lieutenant Colonel Tanya von Degurechaff is an individual of common sense.

"Thank you. We will."

"Please do."

Thus, with the mood still buoyant, the Salamander Kampfgruppe with Tanya in the lead raises a triumphant cheer in the direction of the far reaches of Federation territory.

We've annihilated multiple corps.

We've acquired a path to invade. And more than anything, the military supplies we were able to seize are like a blessed rain upon the Imperial Army logistics org.

"Colonel! One more shot!"

"Sure! I'll take some of you, too!"

Everyone mingles, beaming.

Struggling to focus and take a picture with a looted camera-errr, a trophy of war-isn't something you get to do every day. Though she knows how to work one due to having used them on reconnaissance, she never thought she would have the leisure to take landscapes and portraits; the scent of civilization nearly moves her to tears.

It's just such a beautiful fragrance.

"Hmm? Wait a minute."

Sniff, sniff. When she wiggles her nose, she detects a good smell. If it's real... it's something we haven't seen on the front lines in quite some time...

"Huh? Where'd that come from?"

"It's a special ration from the beloved party, Colonel! We stole it from enemy HQ when we attacked."

The camera, the alcohol, mostly provided by the Federation. Ahhh. Tanya shivers at the delectable horror of barbarian economics even as she enjoys them.

"Lieutenant Serebryakov! Use all our funding! Buy out the alcohol in the area and serve it to the Kampfgruppe!"

"Are you sure, ma'am?"

"Of course! Oh, and one thing before I forget. The airborne guys did a great job, too. I want you to pay our respects."

"Certainly. I'll distribute some to them in the spirit of sharing!"

Commies are horrible precisely because you can start to think, even as a joke, that Communism might not be so bad. If the unproductive practice of taking from havers went on forever, the efficiency of distribution in such a looting economy would be fantastic!

"Lieutenant Serebryakov, feel free use some of the classified funds from the Kampfgruppe treasury, too! Find something we can nibble on! I'm sure our fellow troops have plundered more than they can get through even with their numbers."

Encircling multiple Federation supply bases means we've seized a ton of supplies. It's just a bonus, but it's one of the reasons the food situation is better on the front lines than the home front.

In any case, wonderful victory, wonderful feast, and the smell of civilization. Victory is just that great.