# Chapter 3: The Stheno Trading Company

"Well, then. Go forth cautiously, Rentt. You know how merchants are, yes? They cover all their bases," Lorraine said, glancing at me. "Yes. I think I understand that very well..."

I had done this several times in life-obtaining a valuable item of some kind and speaking to a merchant from a large company about it, that is. At least, I had assumed that was Lorraine's intent. But she shook her head.

"It is different from how things were before, Rentt. As you are now, your body is in and of itself a valuable item. Have your wits about you...as if you were walking around with, say, a hundred platinum pieces."

Hmm... Lorraine had a point. While most would either attempt to capture or slay a vampire should one appear before them, merchants would certainly go for the former. The adventurers they hired as bodyguards were often extremely capable as well. It'd be most troublesome if they were summoned.

- I steeled myself. I had to be very careful.

...Not that I was going to be careless in the first place. I just had to be that extra bit more cautious.

- “I understand. Well, then, I’ll be going now.”

With that, and a casual wave, I left Lorraine's abode behind, walking out onto the streets of Maalt.

Located on a busy road, and in a relatively conspicuous location, was the main building of the Stheno Trading Company. It was what I would have expected from one of Maalt's top merchant companies, as the building itself was quite large.

It was a brick and stone affair, five floors tall. The first two floors housed shops and the like, while the upper levels housed the company's administrative centers and warehouses. Judging by the consistent flow of individuals in and out of its doors, it was plain to see the company had no shortage of customers. It sold everything from daily grocery goods, to tools for adventurers, and a little bit of everything else. The selection was colourful, to say the least.

Among these customers near the entrance of the store was none other than myself, though most of them weren't masked and robed like me. Some had robes or masks on, yes, but I failed to spot another customer with a mask that stood out as much as my skull-shaped one.

Most of these masked customers were victims of burns or scars, so their masks were used as a means of obscuring their injuries. From these customers in particular I felt gazes of what felt like pity. I'd heard in the past that individuals with particularly large and ornate masks were respected in this strange way.

Even so, while there were some individuals with fancy masks, they usually had an equally fanciful outfit to boot. Someone such as myself, with an ornate mask and a relatively simple robe instead stood out more, like a sore thumb.

But I couldn't just stand here and do nothing. I was now at the entrance to the Stheno Trading Company's main building. Should I enter as is? Due to the fact that I usually operated late at night or early in the mornings-or at least in the less crowded hours of the afternoon-standing in the thick of such crowds was new to me. It was somewhat nostalgic, but I found myself nervous, wondering if I should change my attire. Perhaps this place unsettled me more deeply than my encounter with the Earth Dragon...

Bah. That was an exaggeration. I had stood up to such a beast! Why would you be terrified of a normal crowd of people, Rentt?

With that, I walked straight into the entrance, and through the doors.

"Welcome, welcome, dear customer! What may I assist you with today?"

A voice called out to me as soon as I had stepped through those very doors. Soon enough, a lanky man had approached me. There was a sense of professionalism about him. While he wasn't running, I could tell from the cadence of his steps that he was an adventurer. As expected of a large, flagship store... Even its employees were something else. Average stores were different; one could enter and leave as they pleased. Honestly, I preferred such stores, but if one desired items of a certain refinement and quality, a store such as this was much more reliable.

There was a reassuring presence about the man. It almost felt like one could leave their entire shopping list to him, and he'd select only the most fitting items for the purpose. Such an establishment could, of course, sell someone everything they didn't need. But then again, an establishment of this level most likely understood that doing such a thing would simply serve to thin their consumer base.

"Ah... Hmm. Ahem. Yes. I am known as Rentt Vivie. I was the one who had slain a Tarasque prior..."

Upon hearing my name, the man appeared convinced, but quickly cut me off mid-sentence.

"I have been informed of your arrival, sir. Please, this way," the staff member said, leading me to the back of store.

This area was no longer part of the sales floor, but instead a landing for an elevator of sorts, presumably one that we'd take to the administrative offices of the building.

"I haven't been to this establishment for a while. To think that something like this now exists here..." I said, looking at the elevator in surprise.

"Ah, yes. We've recently received and installed this contraption, you see. It was built by artisans-craftsmen of magical tools from the capital. Only this particular store in Maalt has such an installation. But...you have been to the store before, sir? Do excuse me, but how long has it been since your last visit...?"

Craftsmen of magical tools from the capital, huh...

I'd read about elevators in one of Lorraine's tomes before, but this was the first time I was seeing one in the flesh. From what I could recall, these machines were created by techniques from the western lands. At one point, I'd wondered when Yaaran would adopt such technologies, but it seemed like it had already done so.

If there was an elevator in a border town like Maalt, would that mean there were many such machines in the capital, then? Hmm... Given that they could only be created by certain craftsmen, I supposed they weren't all that common. A show of power from this particular establishment perhaps? A declaration of wealth? More importantly, this staff member was now asking about my last visit. Was he able to recall the faces of all his customers? Well, I could have very well spoken with another staff member instead of this particular man and still be asked the same. I just didn't remember too well. Perhaps it was a requirement of this particular establishment, for staff to remember their customers.

Even so, this was a particularly troublesome question for me. I had to quickly come up with some excuse.

"When was it indeed... Perhaps it was another store instead of this one. If I recall, I visited with the intent of purchasing Maalt Hoonoki leaves..."

"Ah, in that case, kind sir, you'd most likely be referring to the Witta Trading Company. That particular establishment stocks many items geared toward adventurers. Items of a respectable quality too. Of course, our store will serve your needs equally well, if not better."

As the man said, Maalt Hoonoki leaves were only sold by the Witta Trading Company. Stheno didn't carry them. But of course, that was only an excuse on my part. The staff member, however, seemed convinced, a relief for me.

On another note, those leaves weren't exactly an item that flew off the shelves. It was largely up to the store if they offered it for sale to begin with. It was a bit of a necessity to us adventurers, however, and the Witta Trading Company had been stocking them since times of old. Due to the strong association between item and store, other shops didn't often carry them, if at all.

Since these plants grew abundantly around Maalt, it was easy enough for Stheno's staff to sell them, but given that most adventurers simply bought them from Witta, there wasn't much point. There were many other products that brought customers to their door.

Honestly, they had enough customers as is. It was hardly a problem for the Stheno Trading Company.

"...We have arrived, sir. This is the fifth floor of our store. The meeting room is this way, if you would," the man said, guiding me once again as we stepped out of the elevator.

Finally, we stopped outside a set of double wooden doors- relatively expensive-looking doors at that.

Well, not so much expensive-looking. The doors themselves were probably worth quite the sum in coin. They were adorned with intricate, ornate carvings, and the knobs seemed to be made of solid silver. Was it this fanciful because it was a meeting room, or was the company simply that well-off...?

Whatever the case...

"Please, this way."

With a click, the knob turned, and the doors opened. I stepped through the doors as instructed, and the man soon closed the doors behind me after entering himself.

"Do make yourself comfortable, sir," the staff member said, ushering me toward a plush-looking sofa. He soon fetched an elaborate tea set from a shelf in the room, which exuded an air of elegance and a warm, gentle fragrance.

"Black tea, sir. Brewed with the best leaves our establishment has to offer. If you'd like, here are some other offerings that pair well with the tea. Now, if you'll excuse me, kind sir, I shall fetch my master. Please, make yourself comfortable during this time."

Saying so, the man bowed deeply, quietly leaving the room. "Hmm... Delicious. These little snacks here, too..."

Momentarily lost in the delectable world of snacks and tea titbits,

I was unceremoniously surprised by a few loud knocks on the door. Panicking, I quickly placed the teacup back on its saucer, did what I could to calm myself, and responded in a cautious voice. "...Please enter."

"Do excuse me then..."

With that, a large, round-bellied man entered the room. His clothing was vibrant, with colors fitting of a merchant. His entire being and presence announced that he was an individual of particular import. If I had to guess, this was none other than the head of the Stheno Trading Company.

Or, was my guess incorrect...? Fortunately, my assumptions were soon proven.

"So, you are the adventurer who slayed that Tarasque... Sir Rentt Vivie, correct? I do apologize for requesting your presence in such a sudden and brusque manner. I am the head of the Stheno Trading Company, Sharl Stheno. With regards to these developments...I do express my sincerest apologies. If you'd like, sir, we intend to offer you discounts at our establishment, along with other means of compensation and benefits that may be of use to you..." With that, Sharl Stheno bowed his head.

Even I felt somewhat bad at suddenly having been offered so many beneficial conditions right from the get-go. I was suspicious, however. Was there something else about this arrangement that I didn't know of...?

Under normal circumstances, concessions like these were usually given during negotiations on price and the like; at least, that was how it was when I'd sold rare items to various merchant companies in the past. And yet...

Were the Tarasque materials simply that respectable? Or did the individual who desired the materials simply wield that much power? Whatever the case, I couldn't let my guard down here. It was a rather exasperating thought.

I reshaped my mask so the bottom half of my face showed. Without allowing my true emotions to come to the surface, I instead laughed, addressing the merchant casually.

"Bronze-class adventurer, Rentt Vivie, at your service. Also, about the current state of affairs... There's no need for all that really. After all, I was the one who decided to show up here today. To think the Tarasque I'd worked so hard to slay would now be sold for several times the estimated auction value... Honestly, no adventurer wouldn't be pleased at this. In fact, I was so happy that I skipped all the way here to your establishment today."

The merchant laughed upon hearing the tail end of my statement. "An unexpectedly casual person you are, Sir Rentt. Quite different from what the rumours say. They painted you as a more, how you say...rigid person."

That was a statement I couldn't ignore. Just how far had the rumours about me spread? I decided to pursue this line of inquiry.

"Rumours, you say? What kind? To be frank, I don't really have much of a good sense of these things, you see. What other people think of me and such..."

Perhaps I'd have been well known as Rentt Faina, but as I was now...

The amount of people I interacted with had significantly decreased. Other than Lorraine, Clope, and some others, I had almost no interactions with normal adventurers. Maybe I'd picked up an object or two that adventurers dropped and returned it to them. The conversation wouldn't be particularly deep in that case.

It wasn't that I didn't want to speak to them, but there was the ever-present danger of my secret being discovered had I lingered. Sharl, on the other hand...

"Hmmm... Sir Rentt. As a merchant, revealing one's sources is really not respectable behavior, but this specific incident had been entirely brought about by us. I had mentioned concessions before, correct? I shall deliver upon them. Well...to start..."

Oh. What an unexpectedly empathetic merchant...

"Where to begin?" Sharl continued. "Honestly speaking, Sir Rentt, it was surprisingly difficult to gather information about you. We did know you were an adventurer-that much was simple. But we didn't know what sort of individual you were. However, and I didn't agree with this, good sir, the voices of the masses describe you as 'a most fearsome individual'..."

"Whatever do you mean by that?"

"Although you are a Bronze-class adventurer, you hardly speak to anyone. Perhaps, then, you could just be a reserved individual who doesn't care much for others? However, other adventurers who have witnessed your movements and behavior in the labyrinths didn't see the skill of a Bronze-class adventurer, but something more."

I see... The occasional adventurer I'd cross paths with... I supposed some had passed me, too, when I was locked in combat. It was one of the labyrinth's rules to not involve oneself with someone you didn't know. But even then, there was nothing to stop an adventurer from sneakily observing another. Depending on the situation, an adventurer may even openly observe another's battles. It wasn't a polite thing to do, but it was by no means prohibited. Most adventurers didn't pay it much heed as long as the spectator didn't get in their way.

Sharl must have obtained his information in such a fashion by speaking to the adventurers I'd crossed paths with somewhere along the way.

But...reserved and didn't care much about others? I didn't speak very much...other than to Sheila at the guild at least. Then there was Dario at the dissection chambers, though he was the one in charge there, and I didn't really speak with anyone else...

Hmm... Did I seem like an individual without any friends? In truth, I really didn't have any. If I had to point at someone and declare that they were my friend... Well, there was Lorraine.

I shouldn't be thinking too deeply about it. I could already feel myself getting lonely.

It was true, however, that I had many friends in life.

"It seems you're giving much praise! Though I'm no one that noteworthy. After all, there are many others who are on my same level..."

I wasn't being humble here. Honestly speaking, if I had to estimate my own capabilities, perhaps I'd be a lower Silver-class adventurer, or at least somewhere around there? While I did have quite a few aces up my sleeve, and occasionally displayed explosive bursts of potential, that wasn't quite the case under normal circumstances in my day-today.

If anything, the gulf between Rentt Faina and myself was suitably large. I also had the firm belief that I'd become stronger from here on out. It was a good thing.

Sharl nodded at my words. "I'd heard such rumours as well. I've also heard that you are very efficient, Sir Rentt. You're not only strong, but you don't leave any openings for your foes. You don't fight losing battles, or so they say... And that the aura of fixation... Determination, I suppose? It seems almost...inhuman. Not that I understand the last point very well myself, Sir Rentt..." Not fighting losing battles... I did escape if it looked like things were about to take a turn for the worse. Strangely, that seemed to be held in high regard.

As for the determination... Did I really come across that way? Hmm. I did want to try my hardest and give it my all, but I had no intentions of releasing this strange...aura? At all.

As for the comment on me seeming inhuman... Well. I wasn't human to begin with-not that I could say that, of course. Though I'd momentarily wondered if I could test Sharl with such a statement, just to see his reaction. If I did that, however, my life in human society would instantly end. Even if it were something brought up in jest, to be taken lightly... I couldn't be that flippant.

"Hmm... So basically, the masses see me as a coward and dangerous individual? Something along those lines? It seems like I have no noteworthy traits then."

"Why would you interpret it in such a way, Sir Rentt...? Whatever the case...perhaps we could leave that aside. Though, there was something that I simply couldn't find out, no matter how much we dug," Sharl said, shaking his head slowly, one hand on his forehead. I tilted my head toone side in confusion.

"Hmm? And what might that be?"

"Your birthplace, Sit Rentt. Well, we know that you are from the Remrutt Empire, but we couldn't find out much more than that. Could I perhaps ask where you were born?"

"Huh...? I, Rentt Faina, a person from the Remrutt Empire?" was what I wanted to say. However, I'd heard that Lorraine and Sheila cooperated to cover up my background somewhat, so I wasn't all that surprised.

Sheila, who had access to records at the adventurer's guild, most likely altered certain documents and registered this information with Lorraine's assistance. If I had to guess, my close ties with Lorraine most likely made it seem that I was from the same place she was. Adventurers often came from dubious backgrounds, but such was the nature of the job.

I could have just told Sharl the truth, but that was something I couldn't casually do with a merchant. I was a little strange, yes, but few individuals would investigate someone so intensely. It was good that we'd done all the little things we did when establishing my identity. In fact, me meeting with a merchant like this was also one of the many scenarios Lorraine had dreamed up.

"It is nothing all that mysterious, ha. Have you heard of the Mechanical City of Aavan? In the Remrutt Empire, of course."

I knew nothing about it. I'd never even been there. Lorraine had spoken to me of the place, which was how I came to know about it.

For instance, I knew it was a city of iron, magic, and oil. It was well-developed, with magical tools and machines of all types. Among it all was a plethora of mechanics and mages. They were workers and craftsmen who produced new products, working around the clock, all day every day. It was a place that had attracted many individuals looking for work. I didn't know if this was the reason for the amount of orphans in Aavan, though, working as servants and assistants.

Many individuals would travel to Aavan from the slums, attracted by the prospect of obtaining some means to feed themselves. I, too, would be one of these orphans-or so my story went.

With that, I described the atmosphere and smells of Aavan, details I'd remembered from sketches Lorraine had shown me of the place. Sharl, for his part, seemed convinced.

"I see. So it was something like that..."

It was impossible to tell if the merchant believed my words with a simple glance. But it did seem like my words were somewhat convincing. I'd answered quite a few of his questions, and didn't make any fatal mistakes...hopefully.

I made a mental note to ask Lorraine about the quality of my responses later.

"It seems we've had quite a lengthy discussion, Sir Rentt," Sharl continued. "I feel like I now have a better grasp of your personality. Alas, the time is upon us. The individual coming to speak with you will be arriving soon... Is that all right with you?"

Just as I nodded at his question...

Knock, knock...

A few swift raps rang out from the wooden doors. What good timing.

"...Lady Nive Maris and Lady Myullias Raiza have arrived," a voice said from beyond the doors. The staff member from just now, most likely.

Sharl looked to me for confirmation. I nodded once more.

"Open the doors, if you would."

With that, he stood up. I, too, followed his lead. The door opened...and in stepped two women. Two surprisingly, breathtakingly beautiful women.

One had a head full of grey hair and sparkling, radiant red eyes. It was impossible to read her expression or her intent. The other had silver hair and eyes like amethyst. This woman had an almost ephemeral aura about her.

The two were probably a little younger than 20, or perhaps somewhere near 25. While I wasn't particularly skilled in determining the ages of women in general, I'd like to think that I had a rough idea. I hardly went to such places now, but my adventuring seniors in the past would often bring me to certain taverns where women entertained guests at the tables. They'd often ask, "Oh, how old do you think I am?" and my guesses would often be far from the mark. As for my seniors, they managed to guess the entertainer's ages, often missing by two or three years. It was a strange feat they were capable of. How did they even know these things?

Well, that wasn't worth thinking about right now. As the two women entered, the staff member exited the room, closing the doors behind him.

"Well met, Lady Nive, Lady Myullias. This individual before you is none other than the adventurer who slayed the Tarasque, Sir..." Sharl trailed off, turning to look at me, as if prompting me to introduce myself. Perhaps it was because he addressed the women in that way, but it was apparent to me that these two women were of high social standing.

What an unexpectedly empathetic merchant...

I introduced myself: "Rentt Vivie, Bronze-class adventurer, at your service."

I bowed my head. With that, I heard a voice respond somewhat unexpectedly.

"Ah, I don't really care for formalities like that! Raise your head, Mister Rentt. I'm not anyone special, not really... Ah. Hmm. Maybe Lady Myullias is special-important! Ah, no, no. I'm not important or special at all. While I do have a title, I'm more or less a normal citizen."

I slowly raised my head, somewhat cautiously, only to see one of the two women beaming.

From what I'd heard, the one who spoke was the gray-haired woman, Nive. In truth, I'd heard of her name before.

Nive Maris... That was none other than the name of a Gold-class adventurer from a neighbouring land. She possessed an incredible amount of talent and ability, and was said to be the Gold-class adventurer closest to a Platinum-class in terms of power. In recognition of her achievements and feats, she'd been granted the title of Baronetess. That was probably why she'd said those words.

As for her feats... Well. They were feats that didn't quite mesh very well with me at all...

"Yes. I, too, am an adventurer, and I've heard of your name. If I recall, you slayed a Middle Vampire that had established a nest in a large city. Vampire hunter...Nive Maris."

She was an adventurer who, for one reason or another, seemed to specialize in slaying vampires. Even so, most of her targets were Lesser Vampires, Thralls, and the like. However, she'd once slain a Middle Vampire and its flock, weeding them out from the city they'd established themselves in. This act was what caused her name to spread far and wide.

While she was indeed strong, she also possessed abilities to seek out vampires who were walking among the living, hiding their form. I knew that much at least.

I did not, however, know of the means she employed to detect these vampires...

Whatever the case, it was undeniably true that she had crushed a Middle Vampire and its flock. She was truly capable of what the stories said, then.

Why did someone like this-a natural enemy of mine, even-show up here? Surely there were limits to how bad my luck could get? That was what I thought from the bottom of my heart. I wanted to escape and leave right about now. I'd turn to her and say, "I apologize, but you are a Vampire hunter, and I am a Vampire. We cannot get along. Good day."

But of course I could do no such thing. The most I could do was speak to them and learn what they wanted, then naturally return home... I didn't see any other way out of this situation.

What would happen if my identity as a vampire was uncovered? It would be all over then. All I could do was fight as if my life depended on it, then escape to some other faraway land and reconstruct my life all over again. How would it turn out...?

I could not read the atmosphere at all. Nive looked...normal. If anything, she seemed very cheerful. I felt like I was gazing into an abyss I couldn't see the bottom of. And yet, she wasn't showing any signs of aggression or caution toward me... So had I not been found out? Which was it?

There was a young girl looking at me, nothing more. Yet, I felt like the distance could be closed between us instantly, and I could grab her by the collar and ask, "Which is it?!" But if I did that, I'd most certainly die.

I supposed there was nothing left to do but to talk. If I were found out, I'd cross that bridge when I came to it.

"Oh, you know of me, I see. To think my name would spread to a rural place like this... Ah! I didn't mean to make fun of the place or anything, so you'll have to forgive me for that," Nive said, apologizing almost immediately for commenting on Maalt's geographical location. While I didn't particularly care, there were some individuals who would be very displeased at such statements.

"What rural place? THIS. IS. A. CITY!" they would say.

It wasn't really much of a city, though... No matter how one spun it, Maalt really was just a small, rural town. Very rural. That was what I, Rentt Faina, who'd lived here for quite a long time, could say. It was an irrefutable truth. A reality.

"No. As you say, it is quite the rural place... What about that lady over there?"

I gestured toward the silver-haired woman. She was swift to respond.

"I apologize for my late introduction. I am priestess-saint Myullias Raiza, in service to the Church of Lobelia. Pleased to make your acquaintance."

She stared straight in my direction. Almost immediately, I felt a soft, strange sensation invade my body. It wasn't painful; it felt more like I'd been enveloped by an ambivalent feeling.

What...was this?

As I pondered, I could feel the divinity within me resonating, as if it were about to be pulled out of my very body itself. This was...

I turned to Myullias, who now had an expression of surprise on her face.

"Would you happen to be...blessed with divinity?" she asked.

I wanted to ask why she knew, but I already had my suspicions. I supposed I should keep up appearances in the meantime.

"That feeling just now... Was that you, by chance?"

"Yes, I thought to bless you with divinity... I am meant to cleave the darkness, you see... Um, how should I put this..."

Myullias quickly shot a glance at Nive. It seemed like she had difficulty explaining her actions. Nive, however, simply laughed at the gesture.

"Ah, no. Sorry about that. As you say, Mister Rentt, I'm quite famous, see? So, people try and off me all the time! If it was a normal attack or anything like that, I could deal with it, I'm sure, but I have to be careful about things like poisons, you know. That's why our priestess-saint, Lady Myullias, is here with us today... Well, I asked if she could come along and purify the surroundings more like. I can use divinity too, but things like cleansing and blessings... I'm no good with that stuff. Having an assistant from the Church of Lobelia is really helpful! I'm quite good at detecting vampires, you see. They're weak to divinity and all that, and if it's a weak one, just hit them with it, and poof! Off to the heavens they go."

Nive said.

Nive liked to talk, apparently. Although her words were casual and occasionally flippant, the contents were somewhat more important...

Myullias was a priestess-saint of the Church of Lobelia. For Nive to be able to request a personal escort in such a manner... I easily understood the amount of influence and power she wielded. And then there was that statement about her being good at her job...

But vampires being weak to divinity? I still remained blessed with divinity, yet I seemed completely fine... Had I even heard of anything like that before? I didn't think so...

Was that really true? Well, one could channel it into their weapons and hurt a vampire with that... But hitting them with divinity alone? I'd never heard of anything like that. If that really were true, vampire hunting would be the monopolized territory of saints and priestesssaints.

That was not the case however. Was that a lie then? This method didn't seem possible.

Perhaps Nive had picked up on my doubts.

"Well, it's not like there's completely no effect if you do it normally, you know? I have my ways, you see. Of finding out for certain. A very established methodology. I even discovered it too! That's why I can do it, but others can't. That's all there is to it."

"A very established methodology, you say..."

Was there really such a thing? Other than what I instinctively knew of divinity and how to use it, I didn't have any other knowledge on the matter. As such, I couldn't gauge if such a thing was possible to begin with...

If anything, Nive was saying that only she could do it. Was this possible, even if she was well-versed in the ways of utilizing divinity...? I had no way of ascertaining the truth of her statements.

I glanced at Myullias, who was standing next to Nive. Her expression was one of muted suspicion, almost like she herself was saying, "Really? You can do that now?" It seemed like these two women weren't exactly on good terms with each other. Nive may have asked for an assistant, but perhaps she didn't ask for Myullias specifically. Hmm.

"Yes, methodology!" Nive continued. "With this technique, I became a Vampire hunter who never misses her mark! Of course, normal humans wouldn't feel a thing even if I did it to them. That is...if they're a normal human."

So...what exactly was all this supposed to mean? Was I found out? Or not? I couldn't make any judgments on my situation at all. This..."methodology" of hers. Had she already done it? No, that couldn't be. If she'd already done it, I'd already be captured, and currently be in the process of being killed.

There was quite the famous saying about Nive Maris: her teeth and nails existed for the sole purpose of tearing Vampires apart. So in that case, I guess I hadn't been found out yet?

Nevertheless, she was suspecting me. I understood that much. I also knew she was searching for information. In which case, would she be able to tell I was a Vampire with this strange method of hers?

I continued wondering, worrying over the state of my secret. "Oh, you doubt me? No, no. I get it. I do. no one believes me when I say it at first, you know? So this one time, I found a Vampire walking around on the streets, and I tore them apart then and there...and everyone treated me like a murderer, see? But of course, the moment they realized the thing I had killed was a Vampire, a sizable reward was offered to me. Yeah...that was quite a disaster, wasn't it?"

Nive laughed. I could picture it in my mind now... It was a terrible sight.

But it goes without saying that suddenly attacking a passerby on the street and tearing them apart would cause one to be treated as a murderer. From Nive's angle, not disposing of a Vampire immediately upon spotting it was perhaps dangerous for the humans living in that particular place. Even so, to kill something in broad daylight, in full view of the citizenry... Of course they'd be treated as a murderer. If anything, they'd be immediately arrested.

Of course, an adventurer strong enough to hunt and kill Vampires wouldn't be easily caught. If they were really innocent and had nothing to hide, however, chances were they'd cooperate with the authorities.

"So... Since it seems like you don't quite believe me, how about you try it? Just once? It's quite the rare experience, you know? How do I put it... It's kinda like a divine blessing? Almost? Sorta? Most of the time, normal humans are very happy when they see it! I suppose normal people are like that, huh? Divinity is a good thing; it brings blessings and happiness and the like, or so they think. And then you have religious groups that go about with their holy people and all that, but they don't bless people all that often! So that makes my job easier, see? Blessing people on the street. Oh, no, no. That isn't a criticism of the Church of Lobelia at all...yeah?"

Myullias's expression had been visibly darkening as Nive continued a lengthy monologue. One couldn't tell very well from a passing glance, but it was evident that Myullias was becoming less and less enthusiastic about her task.

Although Nive had denied it, her commentary was obviously a criticism of religious bodies and organizations. The Church of Lobelia, in particular, only gave out their blessings when their priestess-saints ventured out for one purpose or another. They were only it for the money, I assumed, given how their whole holy water system worked. In exchange for their relatively rare public appearances, the Church had quite a number of notably powerful practitioners of divinity. Was it because they were well paid?

To think the Church of the Eastern Sky got by on breadcrumbs and frugality... Well, that church did have strong practitioners of divinity as well, proof that humans weren't always predisposed to evil.

"Try it, Lady Nive? You say that, but...it is quite frightening," I said, sheepishly.

The meaning behind my words was simple: No! That's a bad idea! I would be in quite the bind! But Nive didn't seem to understand this.

"Ah, sorry about that. You see, other people don't really trust me too often... Especially someone like me. 'Can we trust a flippant girl like that?' 'No, probably not.' Don't worry. I get it. Oh, how I get it... However. I do not spin tall tales about my own strength. Even so... hmmm. Ah! Mister Sharl. Care to try it out? I can see that interest on your face, hmmm?"

Nive suddenly directed her attention toward the merchant, who'd been standing and listening to us this entire time. He'd most likely been silent all this time out of consideration, not wanting to interrupt the conversation between Nive and myself.

To begin with, it was Nive who'd wanted to meet me. Perhaps he'd decided he shouldn't participate in the conversation unless the situation called for it.

Well, in this case, Nive had spoken to him outright. Sharl, however, didn't have such an expression on his face at all. If anything, he looked slightly worried.

"Now, now! Think of it this way! You received a divine blessing! If you say that, wouldn't it be possible for such news to positively impact business? There are tangible benefits too, oh, yes! Monsters won't approach you for quite a while, you know! And, unlike the Church of Lobelia, I won't ask for any tithes or compensation! IT'S FREEEEEEEEEEEE! I do think it is quite the good deal, no?" Nive said, as if trying to sell a merchant his own wares.

Sharl didn't seem all too enthusiastic about this at all. Perhaps it was because he'd sensed that this would never end unless he agreed... "...I understand. It really does not hurt, yes?" Sharl spoke up, emphasizing the last half of his statement.

Nive nodded sagely. "Yes. If you aren't a Vampire, that is. If you are a Vampire, then it will hurt, oh, yes, it will hurt. But that's what it's for! You're...not a Vampire, right?"

The sparkle returned to her eyes, right as she uttered that last bit of her response.

Those were terrifying eyes. Eyes that pierced right to the bottom of my heart. There wasn't a single trace of the flippant nature that she'd been displaying up until now. Her words were also no longer light, nor were they spoken in jest.

So this was the Vampire hunter, Nive Maris...

Sharl swallowed for a moment as he noticed Nive's momentary expression. However, he quickly offered a response.

"But of course. I would be lying if I said I did not want to live forever, yes... But I don't think I would want to give up my humanity. Not if it means I end up a monster. If my life were to end, I would like to die as a human and peacefully depart with the blessings and forgiveness of the gods. Well...all things considered, I have probably not lived pious enough of a life to depart in such a fashion..." Sharl said, laughing bitterly as he did so.

What could I do? I sincerely apologize for having become a monster, but it wasn't something I'd purposely done or sought out. If anything, I wanted to go back to being a human. So if I said something like that, I'd be safe, right?

Something in the direction of feeling one's pride as a human. At least, that was what I thought, in my heart. Nive soon responded.

"You are a merchant after all. To have a store as large as this, I'm sure many things have happened. But you know, I don't think the gods are that stingy, right? Surely they wouldn't condemn you to damnation because of a little...merchant activity. Right, Lady Myullias?"

Nive looked at her companion. Myullias regarded Nive with a mix of incredulity and curiosity. Maybe Myullias didn't know if Nive truly believed what she said.

With a vague expression, Myullias replied, "I cannot possibly fathom the will of the gods. All I know is that the gods would not discriminate. All those who wish for salvation will be saved." "See? There you have it," Nive said offhandedly. Sharl merely continued laughing awkwardly, but now seemed more relaxed about his fate.

"Well, then, Lady Nive... If you would. As you said just now, you do not mind if I use it in my advertising? That I, Sharl Stheno, had received a divine blessing from Vampire hunter, Lady Nive Maris..." Given the nature of Sharl's question, I could assume that few knew of Nive having reserves of divinity. "Were you not hiding it?" would be the true nature of Sharl's question.

Nive, on the other hand...

"Oh, I don't mind at all. I wasn't hiding it anyway, see. Those who know will know. So, since I have your consent, I'll do it now, okay?" "Ah, yes. Please."

With that, Sharl got on his knees, kneeling before Nive. That posture was the same one adopted by devotees of the Church of Lobelia, the correct way in which one was to receive a divine blessing.

