## Questions

The blurred sight of a familiar setting made me blink a few times to confirm that I wasn't dreaming.

Looking down at my long fingers and calloused palms, it seemed I was back in my old body.

Getting up from the couch I was sitting on, I stared blankly at the portrait of myself-one I'd always hated-peering down at me arrogantly from the wall. Confused as to what was going on, I rushed out of my room inside the castle. A young maid, who had been waiting for me just outside, greeted me respectfully as soon as I opened the door. "Good morning, King Grey."

I didn't even bother glancing in her direction. She followed a few paces behind me as I walked through the immense, candle-lit hall. Reaching the courtyard where all the trainees were lined up, swords held in front of them, I turned my attention to the instructors, who were shouting about proper stance and breathing. When one of the instructors saw me, he immediately stood at attention and gave a crisp military salute, and the other instructors and trainees followed suit.

I simply motioned for them to continue, and kept walking. Passing by the marble fountain, I finally reached the private study and pushed open the large double doors to stand in front of an aged man with a head of thick white hair that matched his long beard. He glanced up, his emerald eyes glimmering with cunning, wisdom, and knowledge- Marlorn, the head of the council.

I held the title of "king," but I couldn't consider myself anything more than a glorified soldier. The ones who actually governed the country, managing the politics and economy, were the members of the council. So what was the significance of my position as king?

As king, I was something like a one-man army. Due to the decreasing birthrates and increasing scarcity of natural resources, the councils of each country had assembled. After countless months of discussion and arguments, they finally came to the conclusion that, if mankind continued to wage wars, we would eventually wipe ourselves out.

Eliminating war would lead to two major outcomes: fewer deaths, leading to population growth; and a decrease in the destruction of re sources and damage to arable land. The solution they enacted was to replace wars with a different form of combat.

This new form of 'warfare' became known as the Paragon Duels. When ever a dispute arose at a level that threatened to impact a country, a Paragon Duel would be declared, with each country sending the representative they deemed the strongest. In most countries, that representative was named king and given the appropriate honors for the duration of his reign, basking in the praise of the public while the council members quietly enacted policy. Despite the seemingly deceptive nature of this, no one could doubt its effectiveness-humans wanted the simplicity of a black-or-white, win-or-lose situation, and the duels gave them just that.

Looking up with the insincere, unctuous smile that seemed to be an in born trait of politicians, Marlorn exclaimed, "King Grey! What brings you to my humble dwelling?"

"I'm retiring."

Without even giving him the chance to react, I unclipped my badge- that piece of metal so sought after by every practitioner-and slammed it down on his giant oakwood desk, then walked out the door.

All these years, what have I been living for? I was an orphan, brought up in a camp designed to raise duelers. Everyone I had ever cared about had been stolen from me by violence. At twenty-eight years of age, I'd never dated, never loved. Until now, I'd devoted almost my whole life to being the strongest duelist, representing my country.

And for what?

Admiration? Money? Glory?

I'd had all that, but never in a million years would I choose it over what I'd had in the town of Ashber.

I missed Alice. I missed Reynolds. I missed Durden and Jasmine and Helen. I missed Angela. I even missed Adam.

Mother... Father...

As I stormed back toward my room, frustrated by these memories of what I could only see as a dream, the halls began tilting. Losing my balance, I fell to the ground as a muffled ringing sounded in my ears. The ringing became louder, piercing, and pulsed painfully in my head until my vision darkened.

The sound of someone coughing made my eyes snap open, and the pain I felt told me the coughing had been my own. I closed my eyes and opened them again to find myself lying on my back, towering trees and dangling vines filling my vision. However, the excruciating pain that welcomed me told me I wasn't dreaming. Where was I? How was I alive?

I tried to get up, but my body wouldn't listen. The only thing I was able to manage was turning my head, and even that involved a series of throbbing pains in my neck.

Looking to my right, I spotted my knapsack. I slowly turned my head to the left, gritting my teeth through the pain.

My eyes widened at the sight and I immediately had to fight the urge to vomit. To my left lay what remained of the conjurer I had dragged down with me. A pool of blood surrounded the corpse, which probably had more broken bones than ones still intact. I could see the white shards of his ribs jutting out of the sunken cavity of the chest, and a pile of his entrails beside him. The mage's limbs were sprawled out at unnatural angles, his skull shattered in the back, brain matter oozing out along with blood.

His face was frozen into an expression of surprise and disbelief, only hollowed cavities remaining where his eyes used to be. A trail of dried blood ran down his face. I couldn't turn my head away fast enough. Even in my past life, I had never come across such a badly mangled corpse. The nauseating stench and insects feasting on the gore were too much to take.

My already-weakened body was assaulted with both the gruesome sight and repugnant smell, and I vomited what was left in my stomach until I was left gagging and dry-heaving. With parts of my face and neck covered in my own vomit, I finally managed to turn my head away from the sight of the mage's grotesque remains. How was I still alive?

I couldn't help wondering what had happened while I was unconscious. The mage had been alive up until the landing... so what had happened to me? I should look very similar to his corpse right about now, maybe even worse. But not only was I alive, I didn't seem to have even so much as a broken bone.

I pondered over the possible answers until I was interrupted by a strong grumble from my stomach.

I fought through my body's protests at my attempts at movement. The only parts of my body I could control were my right arm and my head and neck. I willed mana into my right arm; using my fingers to claw my way, I dragged my body across the ground until I could reach my knapsack. It couldn't have been more than a yard away, but it felt like an hour before I finally managed to cover the distance. Pulling the bag closer to me, I rummaged through it with my one good hand until I found what I was looking for: the dried berries and nuts my mother had insisted on packing.

I succeeded in pouring myself a mouthful of the snack. In my reclining position, some of it strayed past my tongue, sending me into a choking fit, and the coughing triggered another round of agony in my body. Fumbling for the water skin inside my knapsack, I slowly poured a bit of the water into my mouth, then managed another handful of food. Tears rolled down the sides of my face and into my ears as I continued to chew on the dried rations. Finally I passed out again, using my knapsack as a makeshift blanket.

My eyes fluttered open as I stirred awake at the brisk bite of cold. I looked around as best as my stiff neck would allow and realized, by the position of the first rays of light peeking through the mountains, that it was dawn.

Using my mana, I managed to slowly get up. I carefully inspected my entire body, making sure everything was in place before allowing my self to relax.

First things first.

I made my way to the mage's corpse, trying to avoid looking at the heinous injuries that had caused his demise. Spotting what I was looking for, I quickly jerked the knife out of his thigh. I wasn't sure how long I would be here, so having a weapon was critical.

'Oh, you're awake.'

I instantly dropped into a fighting stance, gritting through the pain from the sudden movement. With my knife in hand, I turned to face the carcass.

I swear to God if this corpse is the one that's talking...

A melodic chuckle made me look around for the source of the voice.

'Do not worry. You won't have to worry about that corpse reanimating.' The voice, which seemed to come from nowhere, had a dignified yet gentle quality, evincing a sense of royalty. It was powerful and resonant, yet had a silky, soothing sound that made me want to trust it. Still on guard, I managed to mutter a less-than-elegant response. "Who are you? Are you the one who saved me?"

'Yes, to your second question. As for the first, you will find out soon enough, when you arrive at my dwelling.' This voice seemed awfully sure that I would try to find it.

As if reading my thoughts, it continued, 'I am the only one who will be able to get you home from this place, so I advise you to make haste.'

That jerked some sense into me. That's right! I have to get back home! Mother! Father! The Twin Horns! My baby sibling! Are they all right? Did they reach Xyrus safely?

If the voice could really take me back home, I had no choice but to find it.

Clearing my throat, I spoke again. "Dear, uh... Mr. Voice, may I humbly ask for the directions to your location?"

The Voice let out another soft chuckle before replying. 'Don't you think it's a little rude to call a lady " Mister "? But yes, I'll show you the way.' So it was a lady.

Suddenly, my vision shifted into a bird's-eye view. As if zooming out, a location came into sight-roughly a day's trip to the east-and lit up, before my vision shifted back to normal.

'I recommend departing immediately. It will be a lot safer travelling during the day than when it gets dark,' the Voice chided gently.

"Yes, ma'am." I picked up my knapsack and set off at a slow trot to ward my destination.

My movements became less painful with each step and, by mid-morning, I was left with only a few aches here and there. Whatever that lady had done involved some powerful magic. I'd never heard of anyone casting a spell over such a distance. Or had she cast the spell right be fore I landed, and then left? But how could she have known we were falling, and why had she saved only me? The harder I tried to solve the mystery, the more questions I seemed to end up with.

After several more hours, my throat burning from thirst, I heard a faint gurgling sound. I headed toward it and spotted a narrow stream. "Yes!" I exclaimed.

I was absolutely filthy. My face and neck still stank of vomit, and my clothes were torn and caked with grime. I sprinted to the stream and cannonballed into it, then vigorously scrubbed my face and body clean. After taking off my clothes and giving them a rough wash, I laid them on a nearby rock to dry. I had finished this refreshing bath and was walking toward my still-damp clothes when a soft chuckle sounded in my head.

'How pleasantly carefree.'

Reflexively, both my hands shot down to cover my privates as I hunched my back, trying to make my body as small as possible.

'Don't worry, there wasn't much to see.' I could practically feel the Voice wink at me, and I shuddered.

How rude! My pride...

I wanted to argue that my body wasn't developed yet, but I chose to ignore the Voice and put on my clothes.

'Aww. Don't pout. I apologize.' The Voice stifled a laugh.

Calm your mind, Arthur. A king must be calm...

The Voice remained silent after I put on my clothes, so I rummaged through my bag and dug out the last of my rations. Water wasn't going to be a problem for a while since I had just refilled my water skin, but I would need food soon; hopefully the Voice would provide me with something.

I looked around, beginning to wonder where I was. Since I had fallen off the mountain toward the east, I knew I must be near the elves' do main. I didn't think I was in the Forest of Elshire, because I wasn't sur rounded by fog. Could I be in the Beast Glades? No. There weren't any mana beasts. I'd spotted a few rabbits and birds, but I had yet to see anything else. But there was a strange abundance of mana in this place. It must have been due to this richness of mana that I had been able to recover from my initial injuries so quickly, though that still did n't explain how I had survived in the first place.

Maybe the Voice will explain it to me. I should hurry.

It was a peaceful, uneventful trip. There was no road, but there were only minimal obstacles in the terrain. The nearer I drew to my destination-the source of the Voice-the richer and denser the mana be came. Ignoring the temptation to stop and absorb the surrounding mana, I pressed on. Training wasn't important right now. I needed to get home.

Everyone probably assumed I was dead, so I couldn't help but worry about Mother and Father-not so much for their physical well-being, but their mental health. I was concerned they would blame themselves for my 'death.' The only thought that comforted me was the fact that my mother was pregnant. I knew that, at least for the sake of my unborn brother or sister, they'd stay strong.

I finally reached the area the Voice had guided me to, but I was unable to see anything other than a cluster of rocks shaded by a small stand of trees.

'I'm glad you made it here safely,' the Voice echoed confidently, as if it had always known I would.

"Nice to meet you, uhh... ma'am? Miss Rocks?"

'I'm not a rock-nor a cluster of them. The two large rocks leaning against each other on the other side form a crevice. That's where you'll find me,' the Voice chuckled in my head.

Looking around, I managed to spot the small gap between the two larger rocks, just large enough for an adult to squeeze through. The slight breeze coming from the crevice told me I had found what I was looking for. If the Voice hadn't directed me to this exact location, I would never even have noticed the small fissure.

'Enter through the crevice, child, but strengthen yourself with mana before you do.'

Soon I can get back to Mother and Father!

Without a second's hesitation, I easily slipped in through the gap, while willing mana to strengthen my body.

I had expected to step onto a platform, but instead, I immediately plummeted down into the dark hole. The Voice had failed to mention that I'd be taking a vertical fall.

I guess that's why she told me to use mana. The thought flashed through my head as I descended, screaming at the top of my four-year-old lungs.

The fall seemed to last several minutes. Finally I began to see a faint light below me.

I landed harshly on my feet, the impact travelled up my legs and back, jarring my entire body before I collapsed on my bottom. Groaning, I slowly levered myself up.

"So, child. We finally meet."

I felt the blood drain from my face as my mouth gaped open and eyes bulged. I was suddenly lightheaded, and my legs gave out from under me once more. I fell back onto my already-aching butt, staring at the one who had been helping me this whole time.

9

## Ones Held Dear

"W-What are you?" I managed to stammer.

Despite having lived two lives, my brain refused to believe what I was looking at. A monster-for a lack of a better word-easily more than three stories high, was seated cross-legged on a crudely carved throne of jagged stone, one arm lazily supporting its- her, I reminded myself -head. The petrifying red eyes that gazed down at me, though menacing, carried an oddly tranquil quality. Two massive horns protruded from the sides of her head, arching down and around her skull and curving up to a point near the front, almost like a crown. Two fangs peeked out from her lips, and her body was adorned in sleek black armor. Though it had neither decorations nor embellishments, it still glowed like a priceless treasure.

I was once a king. Still, this being sitting before me now made me embarrassed to have ever had the nerve to call myself one. No, the one sitting on that giant throne was a being that would make even the most faithless of heretics bow down in reverence.

Yet here she was, in all her glory, her head resting on one arm, nonchalantly scratching her nose with the other hand.

And what I had failed to notice until now, because of the dim lighting in the cave and the blackness of her body, was that this being had a gaping hole in the side of her chest, from which blood oozed in a slow but steady flow.

"We finally meet," she repeated with a lazy half-smile that revealed a row of pointed teeth.

I tried to get up, but only made it halfway. I ended up back on my butt, my face still slack with shock at what my eyes were seeing. "Bugs will fly into your mouth if you keep it open that wide."

Well, at least she has a sense of humour, I thought.

"As for what I am, I won't discuss that. You can draw your own conclusions based on what you see," the horned humanoid monster said. Her eyes seemed to gaze straight through me.

I was speechless, but the creature didn't seem to notice.

"It will take some time for me to open a dimensional gate to transport you to your house," she sighed. "Until then, just be patient and wait here. There are special roots that grow here. You will be able to live off those until I finish."

That's right. In my shock at the creature's appearance I had completely forgotten about my family. I managed to regain a bit of my composure and stood, walking a little closer to the being.

Giving a courteous bow, I replied, "Thank you for everything you've done for me, and for what you intend to do. If there is any way I can repay you, I will do for you whatever is in my power."

"Such good manners for a child. Do not worry; I am expecting neither a favor nor your gratitude. I'm doing this simply for my own amusement. Come! Sit here closer to me and keep me company. I haven't talked to anyone in a while," the being said with a laugh, and patted an area of her throne for me to sit on.

I climbed up onto the platform rather awkwardly, forgetting I could use mana to just jump up, and propped myself on the throne next to the being.

"Excuse me if I am being rude, but you don't really look like a lady. How exactly shall I address you?" I said, making eye contact.

"You're right. I don't exactly look like a lady, now do I? I wonder why I said that. My name is Sylvia," she replied, letting out a soft chuckle. This giant demon god-like monster looked like anything but a 'Sylvia' to me, but I chose to keep that to myself.

"Elder Sylvia, do you mind if I ask a few questions?"

"Go ahead, young one, although I may not be able to answer everything."

I immediately began rattling off questions, overcome by the curious wonderment that her presence cast over me. "Where is this place? Why were you here all alone? Where did you come from? Why do you have that huge wound? Why did you save me?" She patiently waited for me to finish before replying.

"You must have had a lot on your mind. The first question is easy to answer. This place is in a narrow zone between the Beast Glades and the Forest of Elshire," she explained easily. "No one knows of it because I've been warding off anyone who came close, although there are few instances of that in any case. You, young child, are the first to enter into this domain."

"Please, call me Art. My name is Arthur Leywin, but everyone calls me Art! You can too," I blurted, before clapping my hands over my mouth, confused as to why I had spoken like an excited child.

"Very well, child, I will call you Art." Her red eyes glazed over, gazing into the distance while answering my next questions.

"Continuing on to your second question, I am here alone simply because I have no one left to be with. While I do not think telling you everything would be wise, I will tell you that I have many enemies who desperately wish for something I have. My last battle with my enemies left this wound. As for where I come from, it is very far away." Sylvia paused for a moment before continuing. This time her eyes looked straight at me, as if she was studying me.

"Why I saved you... even I do not fully know the answer to that question. Perhaps I have simply been alone for too long and wished to have someone to talk to. I first noticed you when your party was engaged in battle with the bandits. When you fell off the cliff to save your mother, I felt compelled to rescue you. It seemed a waste for such a good child to die. You are very brave. It is rare for even an adult to show such presence of mind under pressure."

I shook my head. "I was scared, too, but I didn't have much of an option. I just wanted to save my mother and my baby sibling inside her." I didn't know if it was from the gentle way she talked or because of how big and powerful she seemed, but when I was in front of her, I seemed to turn into a child. No, I was a child in her presence.

"Your mother was pregnant? I see... You must miss them dearly. But rest assured, your family and party escaped unscathed. As for where they have gone, my sight cannot reach far enough to tell anymore."

A wave of relief washed over me, and it took all I had to keep my tears from falling. They're safe. This new life was exposing me to emotions I had buried deep down in my previous world.

"Thank God. Th-they're alive... They're okay." I let out a sniffle. Sylvia's giant hand reached down and she softly patted my head with a finger.

I spent the rest of the day conversing with Sylvia. Toward afternoon, she directed me to some edible roots, which looked and tasted very similar to potatoes but were black in color. We talked about all sorts of things to pass the time as she prepared to open a portal. At one point, she asked me how I was able to use mana so well at my age.

"I was under the impression that, so far, the earliest a human mage had ever awakened was at the age of ten-and even then, because the child couldn't grasp how to use it, there was very little he could do with it. Yet not only have you already formed your mana core, but, by the way you use your mana, you seem to be more skilled than many full-fledged mages."

I just shrugged, feeling a twinge of pride at her compliment. "My par ents said I was a genius or something. I can read really well, and I understand what the books are saying."

The twinkle in the being's piercing eyes seemed to show that whatever I was, she knew that the word 'genius' wasn't sufficient to describe it -but Sylvia remained silent.

The days trickled by as Sylvia continued preparing the portal. One day, in a regretful tone, she explained, "The spell will take some time to be completely safe. I would not like for you to land in a destination you are not familiar with. If there is even one inconsistency, it could lead to you arriving hundreds of feet off the ground. Please be patient. You will be able to see your loved ones soon."

I nodded. As long as I knew they were alive, I was fine with waiting. It beat trying to climb back up the edge of the mountain.

While I trained my mana core and chatted with Sylvia, I noticed a few things. Sylvia exemplified the cliché, "Don't judge a book by its cover." Contrary to her intimidating appearance, she was kind, gentle, patient, and warm. She reminded me of my mother, in the way that they both managed to be tender while scolding me when I did something wrong. One afternoon I mentioned that the mage I had fought, along with the other bandits, deserved worse deaths than they had suffered. She suddenly flicked my forehead.

Even though she was gentle, a flick of a finger from someone over three stories tall was nothing to make light of. I was sent tumbling to the ground. When I recovered, I asked angrily, "What was that for?"

She picked me up and set me on her armoured knee and, her tone soft but pained, she said, "Art. Perhaps you are not wrong in that those bandits deserved death. I myself could have saved the mage you fell with, but I chose not to, for the same reasons. However, do not let your heart be clouded with continuous thoughts of hatred and the like. Continue proudly with your life and gain the strength to protect your loved ones from harm. Along the way, you will face dangerous

situations, maybe even worse than the ones you have survived already -but don't let the grief and rage corrode your heart. Move on, and learn from those experiences-better yourself-so they won't happen again."

I blinked, a bit stunned to be lectured on morality by someone who looked like the epitome of evil herself. But her words struck a chord within me, and I just responded with a blank nod.

As time passed, I noticed that her wound seemed to be getting bigger. At first I found it somewhat odd that she could still be alive with a gaping hole in the side of her chest, but I soon grew accustomed to the sight of it. After several days, however, it was clear that the wound was bleeding more consistently now. Sylvia tried at first to hide it with her hand, but it was growing more and more obvious.

Noticing the direction of my concerned gaze, Sylvia gave me a weak smile and said, "Do not worry, little one. This wound festers from time to time."

One day, while I was meditating and using strict movement techniques to better control my mana, Sylvia suddenly interrupted. "Art. Try absorbing mana during your movements. Ideally, while you are fighting you should be able to absorb at least a fraction of the mana you would during meditation. You'll be using mana faster than you can absorb it, but you should be able to prolong the usage of your mana."

I remembered having had this exact idea. I had never gotten to test my hypothesis, since I wasn't able to move as freely as I could now. I was used to thinking of the absorption of mana and the manipulation of mana as two separate things, and I hadn't stopped to think about the possibilities in this new world. I nodded. "I'll try."

"Humans have a very linear mindset regarding mana and find it hard to deviate from anything that already works. Practice hard now, though, because you can only acquire this skill while both your body and mana core are immature. Even mana beasts learn this technique, but humans awaken much too late and, in most cases, their bodies have nearly matured by that time. But considering how young you are, there shouldn't be a problem so long as you practice," Sylvia continued, giving a proud puff of her nose.

I had to admit that, as with most theories I tested, it was extremely difficult at first. It reminded me of the exercises the headmaster at the orphanage had showed us when I was younger, the ones where you tried to make each of your arms do something different, but it was much harder. But mastering this would essentially mean I would be able to fight proficiently while still maintaining a constant inward flow of mana.

Sylvia's only advice was to tell me that an exceptional mage must be able to split his conscious mind into multiple segments in order to process information at the most efficient speed. I'd never had a teacher tell me to split my mind, but I tried doing as she said. I've never tripped over my own body so many times, not even if you combined all my experiences from both my lives. This, at least, seemed to get a few hearty chuckles of amusement out of Sylvia.

The months passed. I kept Sylvia company, telling stories of my family and the town I was born in, and continued to improve in the mana technique thanks to Sylvia's patience and my diligence.

If there was a name for this skill, Sylvia refused to reveal it, so I named it myself: mana rotation.

It would be an understatement to say I had grown close to Sylvia. She had treated me like her own blood grandson and, in response, I'd got ten attached to this demon lord grandmother. And, because of our growing relationship, I wasn't able to simply ignore what was happening. It was frustratingly clear that, as the portal that would take me home became more distinct, her wound was growing worse.

One especially bad night, after she had vomited a pool of blood, I couldn't hold back my concern. "Sylvia, please tell me what's happening to your wound. Why is it getting worse? It wasn't like this before. Your saying it 'festers from time to time' was clearly a lie. This isn't going to go away on its own-it's actually getting worse!"

I paused for a second, struck with the realization. Why didn't I notice this before?

She had been getting worse while creating the portal. In order to send me home-

She was sacrificing her life so I could return to my family.

Sylvia let out a deep breath, knowing that I had realized what was going on. Managing a sheepish smile, she whispered, "Art. Yes, I am dying. But I will be angry if you blame yourself, thinking that you have caused this. I have been dying for quite a while now. You are doing me a favor by allowing me to leave this forsaken cave a bit faster." As soon as she finished speaking, a bright golden glow began radiating from her body. Shielding my eyes to keep from going blind, I tried to focus on the shape forming where Sylvia had been sitting. In place of the ten-yard titan-like figure was a dragon, even larger. From her snout to the end of her tail, she was a covered in a pearl-white coat of shimmering scales. Beneath her iridescent lavender eyes were glowing golden runes that marked her neck and ran down to spread around her body and tail like sacred engravings. They looked like an elegant, almost celestial tribal pattern, branching out harmoniously and with purpose, like carefully placed vines. The dragon's wings were pure white adorned with white-bladed feathers so fine and sharp as to put even a sword forged by a master smith to shame.

The golden light enveloping the dragon dimmed until I no longer needed to shield my eyes. I looked at the celestial creature sitting where Sylvia had been.

"There now... Do I look a bit more like a Sylvia in this form?" Sylvia gave a toothy smirk.

"S-Sylvia? You're a dragon?" I said.

"Now that I am in this form, we do not have much time. Yes, I am what you humans refer to as a dragon. This wound that is killing me was inflicted during a narrow escape from men who sought to capture me. I sensed one of them drawing dangerously close a few days ago, so I feel that my time of hiding is drawing to an end. This form will alert them of my location, so I have time to explain only what is necessary. First, take this. I will need you to take care of it from now on." One of her bladed wings unfolded to reveal a translucent, rainbow-colored stone the size of two fists. With its myriad of colors and shades, the stone gave off an aura that made me hesitate to take it. I felt al most as if I wasn't worthy of holding it.

Without waiting for me to respond, she continued: "Everything will re veal itself when the time comes. Just hold onto it-and do not let anyone else know that you have it. Most will not know what it is, but everyone will be attracted by the aura it emits."

While she spoke, she had plucked a feather from her wings with her claw; now she handed it to me. "Wrap the stone in this to conceal it." After I followed her instructions, the once-divine, radiant stone now appeared to be merely a smooth white rock-pretty, but ordinary. While I studied the feather-encased stone, I was suddenly pushed back as Sylvia's snout gently brushed against my chest, where my mana core was.

Taken aback, I looked up to see Sylvia's purple eyes, and the gold markings around them, blazing even brighter than they had when she first transformed. As the markings grew dimmer and then disappeared, Sylvia pierced my core with her tongue, giving off wisps of a golden smoke that crackled with sparks of purple.

A sharp yelp escaped my mouth as I blinked, confused and surprised. I continued to just stare at her as she drew her head back, leaving a trail of blood from a hole in my threadbare shirt. My sternum had bled, but when I ran my hand over the area, there was no wound. Sylvia's expression was visibly pained and weak; it was apparent even for a mighty dragon. Perhaps most notably, her once-shimmering purple irises were now just a dim yellow, and the beautiful runes that had flowed across her face and body were now gone.

I opened my mouth to ask what she had done, but a giant explosion interrupted me.

I whipped my head up to see that the ceiling of the cave had been blown off. The figure that now appeared through the opening reminded me of Sylvia's previous form.

It was clad in sleek black armor and a blood-red cape that matched its eyes. The figure's skin was pale grey, like the clouded sky in the back ground. Its horns were different, though-this entity had two horns which curled down and under its ears, following the line of its chin. Sylvia immediately covered me with one of her wings to protect me from the falling debris-and probably to keep me hidden from our visitor.

"Lady Sylvia! I advise you to stop your stubbornness and hand it over. You've already caused us quite enough trouble by hiding yourself. If you submit, the lord may even heal your wound." The entity sounded impatient.

As soon as he finished speaking, the world around me seemed to pause. Except for Sylvia and myself, the colors of the world had changed, as if I was looking at a photographic negative. Most surprising of all, everything was as still, as if suspended in amber-the entity, the clouds behind him, even the debris falling from the ceiling.

Ignoring the enemy, Sylvia casually peeked at me underneath her wing. "I'll open the portal now," she whispered, her eyes solemn. "I didn't have time to make it go directly to your home, but it should take you to a place with humans nearby. Do not let him see you and do not look back."

But I had heard the intruder's promise, and I ignored Sylvia's instructions. "Sylvia! Is what he said true? If you turn yourself over, will you be able to live?"

"Do not trust his honey-coated words. It will be worse for you if you are found right now. As for me, I would rather die than go back to where he is," Sylvia said, impatience and anger mingling in her voice.

"No! I won't let you die here. If you refuse to go with him, then please, just come with me," I begged.

"I cannot go with you. You will forever be in danger if anyone of them finds out you have had contact with me. I must stay here." Sylvia gently wiped my cheeks with a claw, her draconic eyes lined with tears.

"You once asked me why I chose to save you. The truth is, it was to satisfy my own greed. I wanted to keep you as my own child, even for just a little while. I intentionally prolonged the transportation spell, because I wished to have more time with you, and now there is not enough time to finish it. I'm sorry, little Art, for my selfishness-but I have one last request to make. Can you be my grandson? Will you call me 'grandmother' just this once?"

"I don't care about all that. I'll say it as much as you want if you come with me. Grandma! Grandma! You can't! Not like this!" I was stuttering with fear and frustration. "Please, I'm begging you, just come with me. I-I don't know what you did but everything is frozen right now; we can escape! Please, Grandmother, don't go. Not like this!" I held tight to Sylvia's claw, desperately trying to pull her away with me. In that moment, Sylvia's face blossomed into a smile so beautiful she looked almost human.

I barely caught the words she spoke as she pushed me into the portal. "Thank you, my child."

10

## Road Ahead

The trip through the dimensional rift evoked a very peculiar sensation. My surroundings whizzed by in an indistinct blur of colors while the space below slipped from underneath me. I stared blankly off into the distance with no more tears left to cry.

I landed with a jolt on hard ground, though my fall was cushioned by a pile of leaves and vines. It didn't matter, though. Even if I had landed on jagged rocks, I probably wouldn't have noticed.

I remained in the same seated position I had maintained during the trip, not even bothering to look around me and take in my surroundings.

She was gone.

I would never have the chance to see her again.

Those two thoughts triggered another wave of emotion, and I heaved with sobs.

I recalled the months we had spent together-how caring she was, how she had treated me like her own blood. I didn't care that she had delayed sending me home in order to keep me with her. In the short time I had been with Sylvia, she'd taught me so much and given me in sights I had lacked in this world.

The anguish was overwhelming, and I succumbed to the urge to sleep -my mind's way of coping with it, I supposed. I curled up into a ball where I had landed, but then a searing pain jolted me back up.

The burning sensation spread from my mana core throughout my body, and then a voice echoed in my head.

' Ahem. Testing, testing... Ah, good! Hello, Art. This is Sylvia.'

My heart fluttered in instant response to the voice. "Sylvia! I'm here! Can you hear-"

' If you're listening to this right now, it means I have shown you what I actually am.'

It was some kind of recording. She must have implanted it in me when she gouged that small hole into my mana core.

'You're nowhere near ready right now to know the whole truth. Knowing

you, if you knew who my enemy was, you would have brashly tried to fight him. Little Art, you are barely four years old. Yet, looking at your mana core and seeing that it is already dark red in color, I have realized that you have a rare talent. I will leave you with this: I have imbued your mana core with my unique will. This is something incomparable to the will of any normal beast. Your future progress as a mage depends on how well you will be able to use it...'

Was that why the purple in her eyes and her golden patterns had dis appeared?

'When your mana core passes the white stage, you will hear from me again. At that time, I will explain everything. What you do from there will be your choice.'

There was a stage past white?

'Lastly, Art... I know you may be grieving, but remember: You have your family to look out for, and the stone I entrusted you with. My wish is for you to embrace the joys and innocence of childhood, train hard, and make your parents and me proud. Do not go chasing after shadows in a fit of rage. Killing the ones responsible for my death will neither bring me back to life nor ease your pain. There is a reason for everything and I do not regret what has happened. With this, I bid you farewell for now. Remember, protect your family and the stone, study what I have left you, and enjoy this life, King Grey.'

That name and title were from my previous world.

She had known the entire time...

Did she discover something in my mana core? Was she able to look in to my memories?

I had so many questions, but the only one who could answer them was gone.

I refused to move for a long time, staying in my cozy fetal position, deep in thought.

Sylvia was right. She had known what my life back in my old world was like. I could not let myself make the same mistake-living solely for the sake of pursuing strength. I wanted to be strong, but I also wanted to live my life without regret. I wanted to live a life that Sylvia would be proud of. Even if I reached whatever stage was after white, I did not think it would please her to know I had lived a life of only training. No, I needed to hurry and reach my family.

But before I could do that, I needed to know-where the hell was I?

Looking around, trees surrounded me, towering high over my head. A dense fog loomed thickly a few inches off the ground, filling the air with nearly palpable moisture.

Trees and an unnaturally thick fog...

I sank back on my butt, crestfallen. This could only mean one thing. I was in the Forest of Elshire.

A disheartened sigh escaped from my mouth as I picked myself up.

It seemed I wouldn't be reuniting with my family any time soon. It had been over four months since I had gone over the cliff. My family had probably gone back to Ashber-or perhaps they had decided to stay in Xyrus.

I didn't have any sort of provisions other than the clothes on my back, and the strange stone wrapped in Sylvia's feather. This cursed fog limited my vision to a few yards in any direction. Reinforcing my eyes with mana helped quite a bit, but it didn't solve the even bigger prob lem, which was how to get out of this place.

I reinforced my body and enabled mana rotation, which had become second nature to me by now. Right now, I could only absorb roughly twenty percent of what I could while just meditating, but I couldn't complain.

The only downside to mana rotation was that it wasn't a replacement for strengthening the mana core. In order to purify my mana core and get to the next stage, I would need to focus solely on gathering mana, from both my body and the surrounding atmosphere, and use that to get rid of the impurities little by little. After getting my mana core to the dark red level, I did notice that the amount of mana I could store increased significantly. Although the core does not grow in size, I assumed a higher purity allowed more mana to be stored.

I climbed up the nearest tree, and once I got high enough, I focused mana into only my eyes, enhancing my vision even further.

I wasn't looking for a way out, but rather for any signs of people. Sylvia had said that I would be teleported close to humans, so I was hoping there might be adventurers travelling nearby who could direct me out, or even escort me.

After about ten minutes of searching, jumping from tree to tree, I found what I was looking for.

I hopped a few more trees, feeling quite proud of my primate nimble ness, and stopped at a branch closer to what I'd found. A group of humans were gathered near a carriage. I'd wanted to jump down and greet them in hopes that they'd take me back to my home, but some in explicable urge told me not to. Studying their expressions and the way they moved told me something was off.

I hid myself completely behind the trunk and listened intently.

"No! Help! Someone please help! Mommy! Daddy! Nooo! "

"Someone shut her up. She's going to attract attention."

There was the sound of a thud, then another voice spoke.

"Put her in the back of the carriage, and make it quick. Still a few days until we get to the safety of the mountain range. We can't slow down now. We have to keep moving."

"Hey, boss, how much y'reckon she'll sell for? Elf girls go for a lot, don't they? And as young as she is, she's probably a virgin at that. I bet she'll fetch a lot, huh?"

Slave traders.

I carefully took a peek, spotting the small carriage, just big enough to carry five or six adults if they were crammed in tightly. Just then, a middle-aged man came into view, hauling a little girl to the back of the carriage. She looked to be around six or seven, with the silvery hue in her hair and the pointed ears that elves were famous for. What do I do?

How were they even able to kidnap an elf in the first place? The Elshire Forest's magical fog was supposed to disorient the senses of even the most capable mage.

After a few more seconds of observing, I found my answer.

Attached to leashes were mana beasts, creatures that looked like a mix between a deer and a dog. They had large, branching antlers, looking like a complicated antenna. These creatures had been mentioned in the encyclopedia I had always carried with me. The forest hounds were native to the Forest of Elshire, and could navigate even better than the elves themselves. How these brutes had acquired forest hounds, I had no idea, but I needed to think of a plan.

Option one: Steal one of the forest hounds and have it lead me out of the forest.

Option two: Kidnap the kidnapped elf girl and have her lead me out of the forest.

Option three: Kill all the slave traders and set the elf girl free, then take the forest hounds and have them lead me out of the forest.

I pondered for a couple of minutes, struggling with a dilemma. The first option would be easiest, but it didn't sit right with me to just leave the elf girl.

But who knows, I thought, rationalizing. Maybe she'll get bought by a kind old man who will free her and take her back to her home. Fat chance.

The second option had an obvious flaw; once I saved the elf, she might refuse to lead me out of the forest and insist on going back home. The slave traders probably wouldn't take it too kindly, either. Option three had the best outcome, but was by far the most difficult and dangerous, considering that there were four of them and only one of me. Because of the fog, I couldn't sense if any of them were mages, but it was safe to assume that at least one of them would be. The fact that they had captured an elf in the forest meant they were either extremely lucky, or they were professionals.

I let out another deep breath. I seemed to be sighing a lot these days. Option three it is.

Deciding to trail them and actually following through with it were two different matters. The forest hounds were already warily sniffing in my direction, sensing that someone was near. I had to follow them at quite a distance, constantly using mana to keep up with their carriage from far enough back that I could still track them, but they wouldn't notice me. But through constant mana usage, with the help of mana rotation, I managed to keep them in my sights.

Less than an hour before nightfall, they had stopped and set up camp, allowing me to quietly observe them until I had learned enough about them to confidently make a move. I waited until it was completely dark, then moved carefully to a branch directly above the carriage and prepared to put my plan into action. First I stirred up the forest hounds with a carefully thrown rock.

Despite their bumbling appearance, the slave traders were surprisingly vigilant; they never built a fire and kept two people on guard at all times. When the forest hounds began squealing, one of the two guards -a lanky man, armed only with a long knife-went around to the other side of the carriage to quiet them. The guard who stayed behind was sitting on a fallen log, fiddling with something in his hands while the other two traders were sleeping inside the tent.

My first target would be the one who had gone to quiet the forest hounds. His lean muscles were visible, but he didn't seem too strong. I dropped down with a quiet thud behind him.

Startled by the soft sound, Lanky turned around, probably expecting a curious weasel or rat. His face twisted into a mixture of surprise and amusement when he saw me, a four-year-old child in ragged clothes.

But before he even had the chance to speak, I lunged upward toward his neck. I infused mana into the blade of my hand, turning it into a sharp edge. This was called 'the swordless art' in my old world, but here it would be more accurate to call it a wind attribute technique. He flinched back reflexively, his hands coming up toward his face to guard against my blow.

It was too late.

I took a quick swipe at his jugular, taking his larynx out along with his carotid artery. A stream of blood sprayed out of his neck as I landed behind him, supporting his lifeless body and gently placing him down to avoid making noise. As I had expected, the forest hounds Lanky had just calmed down were sent back into a frenzy at the stench of blood, and they resumed their howling and barking.

"Oy, Pinky! Can't even calm the hounds? What the..."

I had already retrieved Pinky's knife and was waiting for the second man at the back corner of the carriage.

While the second slave trader's attention was on Pinky's corpse-currently being eaten by the forest hounds-I jumped out from behind him and stabbed him in the neck.

After some snarling, the hounds quieted down to devour the two corpses. I headed toward the tent to dispatch the remaining two in their sleep, but a shrill cry ruined my plans.

" Help! Mommy! Someone! Anyone! Please! "

Son of a... why now, of all times?

As if on cue, I heard the rustle of the tent as the two remaining slave traders came out. "Pinky! Deuce!" one of them barked, still half asleep. "The kid is awake! What the hell are you-"

I swallowed down the inappropriate urge to laugh at the slave traders' ridiculous names, and hid myself behind a tree next to the carriage. While I waited, I infused mana into Pinky's knife.

Sensing something was amiss, the two slavers carefully stepped around to the other side of the carriage. Their eyes bulged as they witnessed their two former companions being eaten by the forest hounds.

I was about to seize the opportunity to attack the nearest one when his gaze whipped back to me, and he instantly swung his short sword at my face.

Dodging the slash, I dropped low and dashed toward him, trying to get in range with my knife. I swung, reinforcing even more mana into the knife, and landed a clean blow, slicing the Achilles heel of his right leg.

He let out a pained howl and dove desperately out of my range before I could do any further damage, crying, "Danton, be careful! I think this brat is a mage."

I turned my attention to Danton, who pulled his sword from its sheath and lowered into a defensive stance.

"You see all sorts of crazy things these days, George. Looks like a huge sack of gold just showed itself in front of us! I bet he'll get us almost as much as the elf," he said, with a crazed chuckle.

These bastards didn't even care that I had just killed their party members.

Danton's body glowed faintly as he reinforced himself with mana. He advanced toward me, his lips curling into a confident grin on his square face.

With that crippled leg, George was out of the fight, but this augmenter was going to be trouble.

The augmenter, Danton, suddenly sprung at me, his right arm poised to throw a punch. I could only assume he chose not to use his sword so as not to damage his "goods." While I'd normally have been offended, in this case his overconfidence made it much easier for me.

I jumped back in time to avoid the blow, which was strong enough to leave a small dent in the ground. I threw my knife at him, using the same trick as I had with the conjurer I'd dragged over the cliff, but this mage was more careful. He disrupted the mana string with his sword and grabbed my knife with his free hand. Shit.

I was in a bad position. Danton wasn't tall, but his reach was still a good bit longer than mine. He also had a sword, which he now deemed it necessary to use, and that further increased his range. Wasting no time, Danton dashed toward me, throwing the knife that I had just launched at him. I easily dodged, but not in time to react to his next move as he swiped at my leg with his sheath. As I stumbled,

trying to regain my balance, he grabbed hold of my ankle and flipped me upside down.

His confident face crumpled as I concentrated mana and punched the hand that gripped me. I used a fire attribute technique, releasing all the mana focused on my fist, and aimed for the weak joints of his wrist.

A loud crack, followed by howled profanities, proved that the attack was sufficient.

He could no longer grip my ankle with his broken wrist, so I fell, landing awkwardly on my back. Quickly jumping up to my feet, I picked up Pinky's knife and charged toward the wounded Danton. Still preoccupied by the pain in his wrist, he cursed, "You're dead now, you piece of shit! I don't care if I can't sell you anymore!"

His left wrist was useless, leaving a gap in his defense. I willed more mana into my feet and came within range. I was about to land a solid hit to his side when I saw him furiously swinging his sword down. He fell for it!

I quickly pivoted with my left foot in place, spinning to my right. Dodging the swing by a hair's breadth, I brought my knife within range of his right side, which was now open because of his last desperate swing.

He immediately tried to jump back, but I placed my right foot behind his leg, throwing him off balance. With one quick thrust I jabbed my knife up under his armpit, through the gap between his ribs, and into his chest.

I finished him off easily while his lung collapsed from the wound. I was now left with the immobile George. The poor fighter couldn't re ally defend himself or run away with his useless leg. I couldn't use Danton's sword-it was too large and heavy for me-so I made use of Pinky's knife one last time and swiped George's jugular. He died with a look of disbelief, and I fed him to the hounds.

Judging by the eerie quiet, the elf girl seemed to know there was fighting going on. I climbed up onto the back of the carriage where she was locked and spotted her shivering in the corner, her once lavish clothing caked with dirt and grime. She studied me with an expression of surprise and doubt, her eyes seeming to say, 'He can't have been the one who saved me, can he?'

She remained silent as I untied her, her swollen turquoise eyes never leaving my face.

Tired and feeling gross, I helped her up and said simply, "You should go back home now."

She probably hadn't known until now whether I was an enemy or friend, but when I said the word 'home,' a look of relief washed over her tense face and she broke down, hiccupping and sobbing. "I was so scared! They were going to sell me. I thought I was never going to see my family again!"

I sat quietly next to her, offering silent comfort as she wept.

11

## To and Fro

It felt like a good hour before the little elf girl was finally able to settle down. I didn't blame her; being forcibly kidnapped would be traumatic even for adults, and she seemed to be only a bit older than I was.

As I comforted her, I realized how bizarre this scene must be-a fouryear-old boy tenderly patting the head of an elven girl in the back of a carriage as beasts devoured four bloody corpses just next to them. "W-What happened to those bad guys?" she sniffled, her voice still raw.

I didn't know if telling such a young child about killing was appropriate, so I avoided it by telling her simply, "They had a... very unfortunate accident."

She studied the hesitant expression on my face with a raised brow, then looked back down and whispered, "Serves them right." Perhaps it was merely my reaction to seeing an elf for the first time, or perhaps, even then, I felt some inborn connection that bonded me to the girl. Whatever it was, I couldn't take my eyes off her. Her dishevelled state couldn't mask the innate beauty that seemed to radiate from her.

She had long, gunmetal grey hair that I had mistaken for silver in the sunlight. A pair of gleaming teal eyes shaped like perfect almonds sparkled beneath long fluttering lashes, and her perky nose was so red from crying that it matched the color of her rosy lips. Each of her individual facial features seemed to be carefully molded gems, but the fair, creamy skin of her face was the canvas that brought her features into a surreal, almost phantasmal work of art.

I helped her up to her feet before speaking again. "The people who tried to kidnap you aren't going to chase you anymore. Do you think you can make it back home by yourself?"

She drew back in fear as a panicked expression covered her face. Tears welled up in her eyes, and both her hands clenched tightly to my shirt like claws. Her answer would have been clear even to an infant.

"Look, I need to get home too. Aren't elves generally safe in this forest?" I sighed, trying to pry her fingers from my shirt.

She shook her head violently, like a dog drying itself, and said, "Beasts are only scared of grown-ups. My parents told me children get eaten by hounds or tree golems."

I would normally have been amazed and intrigued about something like a tree golem, but after witnessing a demon king metamorphize in to a dragon, it was becoming difficult to find anything that could sur prise me.

I rubbed the bridge of my nose, trying to come up with a solution. "How long does it take to get from here to where you live?"

Still holding onto my shabby shirt, she looked down and admitted, "I don't know."

I fought the temptation to release another sigh, since the poor girl looked like she was about to cry already, and agreed to take her back home.

The kingdom of Elenoir was quite some distance to the north, so my only hope was that there would be a teleportation gate there that could get me back to somewhere- anywhere -in Sapin.

I instructed the elf girl to wait inside the carriage while I gathered some necessities; I didn't want her to see the mangled carcasses of the slave traders, the sight of which even I found hard to stomach. I finally found a backpack small enough for me to wear without it dragging on the ground. I carefully folded and stuffed a small tent into it, and added a leather water skin and some dried rations. I picked up Pinky's knife from where it had fallen when I'd fought Danton and George, and strapped it to the front of my waist to balance the awkwardness of the heavy equipment on my back.

I thought briefly about taking the carriage back to the elven kingdom, but it was too dangerous-we would stick out like sore thumbs in the forest-so I freed the forest hounds. While they were domesticated enough to pull a carriage, they couldn't be ridden.

When everything was ready, I stuck my head back into the carriage. "Let's head out now," I said, trying to sound more enthusiastic for the girl's sake.

"Okay!" She hopped out of the carriage and I led her away, trying to steer her around the area where all the dead bodies lay.

I learned a lot about the elf girl along the way. Her name was Tessia

Eralith and she had just turned five, so she was about a year older than I was-physiologically, that is. Most elves reached puberty around age seven, but even though she was much closer to physical adulthood than I was, I still had the advantage of an adult mind in my four-year-old body.

Tessia was also a reserved girl, almost to the point of being shy. She was very polite to me, especially considering that I was younger than her, and never complained, which made her a very agreeable travelling companion. If not for the fact that I was travelling away from my destination, I might have actually enjoyed having her with me.

When the sun began to set and the fog gathered thickly around us, we pitched the tent underneath the exposed roots of a particularly large tree for the night. Centuries of soil erosion had washed away the earth surrounding the massive trunk, leaving its spreading roots elevated like archways.

I hadn't been able to fit any of the supporting rods in the backpack, so I used the long rope I'd brought with me instead. I stretched it be tween two of the roots and hung the tent canvas over it, weighing down the canvas edges with moss-covered rocks. After I finished set ting up the tent, we sat next to it, underneath a tree root, and I took out the dried rations.

I handed some to Tessia, and she gave a slight bow.

"Thank you very much."

"You know, you don't have to be so polite to me. I'm younger than you, and I'd feel a lot more comfortable if you weren't so on edge," I replied around a mouthful of the dried rations.

"Okay, I'll try." She gave a shy smile.

I began wondering if she had been raised in a very strict household. Perhaps it was simply customary for elves to be so formal-maybe by telling her to be more comfortable with me, I was inadvertently inviting her to marry me. Giving her a shrug, I continued stuffing my face with food.

"Can you tell me about the human kingdom?" she suddenly asked, her eyes sparkling with curiosity.

"What did you want to know?"

"What is a human city like? How are humans? Is it true that all male humans are perverts and have more than one wife?"

I choked on the dried fruits I was chewing, spraying them out before they got caught in my windpipe.

"No. Although it isn't against the law, usually only the nobility and the royal families have multiple wives," I said after composing myself and wiping my mouth.

"I see now." Her eyes were still sparkling.

Do you really?

I went on, explaining a bit about the town of Ashber and my family to pass the time, then I asked her the same question. "What is it like living in Elenoir?"

She pondered a bit before finding the words to explain.

"I don't think it's too different from what you told me about where you grew up, except the children all have to go to school to learn about our history and how to read and write. When we awaken, we get mentors assigned to us and we become their disciple. From there, a lot of it is just training with your master."

"I see." I pondered the differences between the education systems of the humans and elves. While the educational method of the elves was a lot more advanced and undiscriminating, it only worked because the elven kingdom was much smaller and tight-knit by comparison to the human kingdom, but it was clear to see how the early foundations were laid for cultural differences in the older generations.

I got up from the ground and held out my hand to help Tessia up. She hesitated, and I thought she turned a little red, but decided it was just an effect of the rapidly dwindling light.

"You sleep in the tent. I'll keep guard next to you, outside." I could see her thinking; then she fixed her eyes on me, full of resolve. "I don't mind sh-sharing the tent, if you're okay with it." She tried to sound nonchalant but her voice betrayed her.

I replied much more quickly than I had meant to. "No, don't worry about that. I'm not very sleepy right now anyway."

"All right."

Did her ears just droop a little?

I waited until I was sure she was inside the tent, then leaned against the massive tree trunk and began meditating.

I started inspecting my mana core. Sylvia had left me with something she called her "will" but how would it affect my mana core? Inspecting even closer, I noticed some faint markings in my mana core. Just then, I heard a noise.

"Arthur?" Tessia's head poked out of the tent.

"Is there something wrong?" I asked.

"W-well, you see... beasts will more likely appear if they notice you, because they will see that you are a child. So, for our safety, it would be better for you to come inside the tent." Tessia had covered her face with the tent's opening flap, peeking out with one eye.

"Pfft." I chuckled. Then something occurred to me. "Tessia, are you scared to sleep by yourself in the tent?"

"A-absolutely not! I was just suggesting what the best choice would be for both of us to be safe," she insisted. She nearly tumbled out of the tent.

"If that's the case, then I'll hide up in the tree and stay on the lookout. You know... for our safety," I said with a wink.

"Um..." She hid herself back inside the tent for a moment before muttering softly, "...I'm scared to sleep by myself in the tent." Smiling to myself, I opened the flap and crawled inside.

Caught by surprise, Tessia let out a small yelp, then immediately lay down with her back to me. Seeing how red her ears were, I thought about teasing the poor elf girl a little more. I easily could see myself enjoying it.

After a few silent moments, she peeked over her shoulder. "Can I hold onto your shirt?"

Then, seeing her trembling, I remembered that she was just a child. I couldn't imagine how hard it must have been for her-getting kid napped, being separated from her family and carried off, not knowing if she would ever see them again.

Scooting closer to her, I gave her head another soft pat as she turned her body and clutched the edge of my tattered shirt. Her eyes closed in contentment and, after a few minutes, her breathing became more rhythmic. I began drifting off to sleep too, still sitting up. My eyes fluttered open on their own and it took a few seconds to re member where I was. I looked down to see Tessia's head on my lap, her body curled up comfortably.

Gently shaking her awake, I whispered, "Tessia, we should head out now."

She slowly stirred awake, but when she realized the position we were in, her body shot up and she gave a surprised shriek. "I'm sorry-I did n't mean to!"

"Don't worry about it," I replied with a wry smile. "Let's fold up the tent." With slightly pink cheeks, she nodded in response and we began packing everything up to resume our journey.

The time passed by uneventfully until, out of nowhere, I was struck with deep aches in my abdomen. The first pains occurred on the third day of the trip. We were inside the tent, Tessia already fast asleep, when a sudden searing ache spread out from my sternum. It disappeared soon enough, but even that brief moment was painful enough to leave me in shivers. I worried that there was something seriously wrong, but my concerns seemed unfounded when the pain did not re turn.

The most exciting occurrence otherwise was when a couple of forest hounds tried to get close, but I chased them away with a throw of my mana-reinforced knife. Our pace wasn't impeded by any tree golems or stronger mana beasts looking for children to snack on.

I continued sleeping in the tent with Tessia at night, and she grew more comfortable around me-at least comfortable enough not to get embarrassed every time she woke up. Our conversations became more natural and had fewer awkward silences, and she began joking around with me, even teasing me about the way I talked. In her words, I was "trying too hard to sound like an adult."

"Can you tell how far we are from Elenoir now, Tessia?" I asked, one clear morning. It was the fifth day of our journey.

Her elongated ears twitched as she began surveying our surroundings. Then she darted to a particularly crooked tree and ran her fingers over the trunk. A few moments went by in silence before she returned to me, visibly excited.

"That tree is one I used to come visit with my grandfather sometimes! I remember carving my name into the trunk when he wasn't looking," she said, pointing to the tree. "We're not too far away. I think if we quicken our pace a little bit, we'll be able to make it by tonight."

"Sounds good," I answered, following behind her. As lovely as the journey had been, I needed to make plans to somehow get back to my family, and that wouldn't be possible until I got her home.

I had to admit, though, I'd probably miss her after our time together. "Arthur? You said your family and the people close to you called you Art. I have gotten pretty close to you on our journey." We were on a moss-covered log bridge, crossing a stream, when she suddenly stopped. "So... can I call you Art, too?" Tessia turned around, revealing a wide smile.

"Hmm? Sure, I don't mind," I said, returning her smile.

"You 'don't mind'? You could sound a little more enthusiastic." She stuck her tongue out at me.

"I would be honoured to have you call me Art, Your Highness." Despite my tattered clothes, I made a bow gracious enough for a noble.

"And you may also have the honor of calling me Tess," she giggled, curtsying back at me before turning around and hopping off the log.

We continued to make haste toward our destination, with only a few quick stops to rest and replenish our stomachs. Constant use of mana rotation had kept my body from being over-strained, but it was obvious that Tess was growing wearier.

After a quick rest on a soft patch of moss, we continued forward for the last stretch. Tess and I had gotten quite close on this journey; the once shy and reserved elf girl now often wore a bright smile, which was contagious despite our less than comfortable conditions.

She continued teasing me, too, saying that I should call her 'older sis ter,' since she was a full year older than I was. I returned the teasing and imitated her crying, rubbing my eyes and yelling, "Waaa, mommy, I'm scared!" She turned bright red and smacked my arm, then started to pout. Crossing her arms, her lower lip protruding, she stomped off before yelling, "Meanie!"

By dusk, the fog around us was getting thicker. My sense of direction was all but useless in this blasted forest-enough so that, if I were to get separated from Tess, I could easily wind up travelling in circles without even realizing it.

Then she turned to me, her face a mixture of happiness and trepidation, and said, "We're here."

Looking around, the only things visible to me were clusters of trees and fog. Confused, I was about to ask where 'here' was, but I saw Tess place both palms on a tree. She began muttering a chant, and suddenly, the fog around us was sucked into the same tree. What came into vision was a giant wooden door, which seemed to be propped up by it self on the ground.

Tess grabbed my hand and pulled me toward the door. When she opened it, I was reminded of the portal Sylvia had pushed me through. The experience didn't feel any better the second time, but I at least knew what to expect. As we softly landed on our feet at our destination, I began rummaging through my bag to make sure I still had the stone Sylvia had entrusted to me. Only after confirming that it was safe did I finally look up and take in the scene around us.