## My Life Now

### REYNOLDS LEYWIN

My baby boy!

I was so happy we'd had a son. I was eager to start training him-I couldn't remember when I had started training, but I knew I'd been very young. I couldn't wait to teach my baby boy all about magic! I hoped he would turn out to be an augmenter, like his old pops. I knew the basics of conjuring, but couldn't do anything practical with it, except use it as a form of mental exercise.

Alice, on the other hand, was one of the most talented people I'd ever seen. Even as an emitter, she was exceptional. Back when we were just dating, she'd joined my party and we'd gone on missions together. Her restorative power was amazing in and of itself, but I could still remember how shocked I was the day she used an area of effect spell that healed all allies within a five-yard radius. Talk about one of a kind! And she chose me for her husband.

I'll never get tired of saying that.

In the good old days, before we settled down, we often went into the Beast Glades to hunt for mana beasts. Mana beasts were unique animals-creatures born with the ability to absorb mana into their bodies and create their own mana cores, which we called beast cores.

Beast cores had unlimited uses, making them highly sought after. Of course, the higher the class of the beast core, the more valuable it was. Mana beast classifications ranged from the E-class, such as the domesticated fanged bull used for meat and leather, to the SS-class monsters. I didn't know much about those-I'd never seen one, nor known anyone who had-but I believed they did exist.

As a rule of thumb, a mana beast was always assumed to be stronger than a human of the same class. This was simply because, even taking mana out of the picture, a beast's physical body was much stronger than a human's.

While the Beast Glades were dangerous, if you were cautious and did n't get lost, it was pretty easy to keep yourself out of trouble. The stronger beasts tended to be down in dungeon-like caves underground or farther away. The first several miles of the Beast Glades were pretty well mapped, and as long as you were at least a C-class adventurer, you could handle the creatures there.

Once in a while, the Guild posted missions requiring multiple parties of adventurers, usually for clearing and mapping the harder dungeons that hadn't yet been fully explored. If a mana beast was strong enough to create its own lair and have other mana beasts serving it, then you could bet there would be treasures to be gained. Questing was exhilarating-the danger added a thrill that you wouldn't find anywhere else. If it weren't for the... the incident with Alice and Lensa, I was sure we wouldn't have settled down as quickly as we did.

I told Art about the adventuring life-all those stories and many more. Alice said I was brainwashing him, but I just wanted him to at least have some experience as an adventurer when he got older.

I didn't know what I'd do if little Art never awakened as a mage. I did n't care how long it took-if he could train to become any kind of mage, I knew I would be a proud and happy father.

It was easy to tell what type of mage someone would be when they awakened: While augmenters and conjurers both form a translucent barrier, the mana behaves differently around them during that time. Augmenters, when they first awaken, form a sort of pushing force around the barrier, signifying that they have dominant mana channels in their body. Conjurers, on the other hand, form a vacuum of mana around them, which means their mana veins are more dominant. Of course, the degree of the pushing and vacuuming forces depends on their talent in either category.

Not to brag, but when I first awakened-at the early age of twelve, by the way-I was sleeping, and the pushing force made me float for a good couple of minutes. Enough force to lift a human body-imagine that!

I was with Alice in the front yard after dinner, making plans to train Art after his awakening. If he ended up becoming a conjurer, I could get him a tutor from Ashber, since neither Alice nor I were adept enough to be teaching him. I had barely finished the thought when-

BOOM!

What happened?

Three-quarters of the house was gone. Art... Little Art was still in the house...

" Arthur! "

The blood drained from Alice's face and her eyes went wide with dis belief and worry. I pushed her down, covering her with a temporary shield that would last for a few minutes.

I rushed toward the explosion, shielding my body with a layer of mana over my skin. The debris from my house came flying toward me as I drew nearer to the source of the explosion. After fighting my way through the scraps of what was left of my house and yard, I saw it. An all but invisible barrier flickered around my son. It was clear that the pushing force of his awakened powers had caused this explosion. He was floating in the center of a crater that had demolished most of our house, as well as our entire backyard.

My legs gave out. I fell to my knees as I gaped at the sight. My son was almost three years old, and he had awakened. Only three... I didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

"Reynolds! Honey!"

I glanced back at my wife, my mouth still hanging open from shock. The debris had stopped flying and she was slowly making her way to ward me, taking half-steps and covering her face with her arms to shield herself from the strong pushing force still emanating from Art.

"Reynolds! What happened? What's going on? Where's Art?" Still unable to find the strength to speak, I simply pointed my finger in the direction of our son.

Confused, she followed the line of my finger. All she could manage to whisper was, "Oh my..."

ARTHUR

Wow. I feel great!

Feeling refreshed by my breakthrough, I closed my eyes to sense my newly formed mana core. My sweet little mana core!

" Art! Oh, my baby! Are you okay?"

I jerked my head up to see my mother rushing toward me, while my father knelt on the ground.

What misdeed was Mother punishing him for this time?

My mother lifted me up and hugged me tightly enough that my under developed ribs almost gave out.

I managed to squeal, "Mom, no cry. What's wrong?"

She didn't answer me, just continued sobbing while cradling me. My father came to stand next to her, patting her back and stroking my head, giving me a weak smile.

After a brief moment of confusion, I pulled myself away from my mother's bosom and looked around to see that we were standing in the center of a giant crater. Most of our house was gone.

What the hell? Who did this? Who would have the audacity to destroy the home of a king? The perpetrators will rue this day! I will hunt them down day and night and not rest until-

"Congratulations, Art, honey," my mother said weakly, while my father exclaimed, "You awakened, Champ."

I was speechless and didn't know what to think. We all looked at each other for a moment as I let it sink in.

I did this?

In my old world, a similar phenomenon occurred when a youth awakened; a clear barrier appeared around the awakened and a small pushing force would surround the barrier. After some thought, I came to the conclusion that the pushing force in this world was much stronger because of the mana in the atmosphere, something that wasn't present back on Earth.

As I had once been a king who prided himself on his integrity, I decided to apologize for this situation.

"I'm sorry, Mom, Dad. Am I in trouble?"

As soon as the words left my mouth, I realized I was so disoriented that I had forgotten to talk like a three-year-old. Fortunately they did n't notice my slip due to their shock.

"No, Art, honey, you're not in trouble. We were just worried about you. I'm glad you're all right." There were tears in my mother's eyes, but she managed to let out a soft chuckle.

My idiot father, on the other hand, was a lot more excited. "My boy is a genius! Awakened before the age of three! This is unprecedented. I thought I was fast, but this is on another level!"

That picture-perfect moment was broken when a neighbour rushed up, shouting, "What in the world?"

"We'd better clean this mess up," my father said as he grinned, rubbing the back of his head.

We decided to keep my awakening a secret. Within a few weeks, my father had managed to contact members of his old adventuring party to help rebuild our decimated house while we stayed at the nearby inn. With conjurers razing the ground for the foundation and augmenters doing the grunt work, the house didn't take too long to finish. The beauty of magic!

Surprisingly, none of my father's former party members questioned why our house had blown up. That seemed to say a lot about my father.

Spring came to an end midway through the reconstruction of our house, and along with it came my birthday. My parents woke me that morning with a present, and my mother carried what seemed to be a loaf of bread in her hands. Upon closer inspection, I realized it was a cake. I opened the present box to find a carefully carved wooden sword, and I hugged both my parents, thanking them for the present and the cake.

The cake and the gift surprised me; my parents hadn't bothered to celebrate my past two birthdays, so I had assumed this world didn't acknowledge them. I later learned that birthdays are only celebrated be ginning at the age of three. It was a tradition from long ago, when babies frequently did not survive their first three years. How medieval.

Birthday celebrations weren't the only difference between this new world and the world I was from, where children my age would have been getting ready to start school. Seeing children as well as teens working on farms with their family and in forges as apprentice black smiths made me realize there was no mandatory, structured education system. Any sort of rudimentary education the children received-the basics, like reading and writing-was provided by their families.

As soon as I turned three, my mother began giving me regular lessons, teaching me how to read and write. Playing the role of a prodigy, I pretended to learn quickly, to her delight. This allowed me to read harder books in the library without drawing suspicion.

These weeks after my awakening passed by in a blast. My father taught me the basics of mana, and how to start training in it, as best as he could. He tried to simplify as much as possible so a toddler could understand it. If my cognitive abilities hadn't already been on the level of an adult, I don't think I would've retained much, but I did manage to get the basics.

A mage's strength could be easily gauged by looking at the color of his or her mana core. When a person first awakened, the mana core was black, due to the body's blood and other impurities mixing with the mana particles as they come together to form the core. As the mana in side the person's body became purer and imperfections were filtered out, it changed to a dark red color. The color continued to lighten as mana was distilled, going from black to red, then orange, yellow, silver, and then white. The red, orange, and yellow stages each had three sub-stages, classified as 'dark,' 'solid,' and 'light.' As a rule of thumb, the lighter the color of a person's mana core, the purer it was and the more power they had access to.

While the lessons with my father proved useful, I was getting impatient with the pace we were moving at. Within a few days of him be ginning to teach me, I asked my mother for books on magic.

My mother still had some connections in the Adventurers Guild, and she managed to acquire a wide collection of books on basic mana manipulation and on fighting with different weapons. Some of them were just picture books with only simple words and illustrations of the basics of mana condensation, but I ignored those. The books I'd been reading were a bit more difficult, but it wasn't until I caught my mother giving me a strange look that I'd realized just how advanced they were. She had brought in books that she expected wouldn't be touched for at least a year and was perplexed by my lack of interest in the simpler texts.

Most of my time was spent taking reading and writing lessons from Mother, and augmenting training with my father. After he covered the basic theory and application of augmenting, we started physical training. Since I was too small to start sparring, we opted for running and body workouts. Seeing my three-year-old body trying to do a pushup must have been the funniest thing, but my father did a good job of holding back his laughter.

When I wasn't taking lessons from one of my parents, I usually stayed cooped up in the newly remodeled library, reading and meditating to further condense my mana core.

The year passed without much deviation from this routine. Then my father spoke up one night while we were having dinner.

"Honey, I think it's time we get Art a proper mentor."

5

## Let the Journey Begin

A clang resounded in the silence as my mother dropped her fork on to her plate.

"What? Reynolds! Arthur isn't even four yet! No. Besides, you said if our son was an augmenter, you would be able to teach him." Mother's desperation was evident in her tone.

"But I never expected he would be this much of a prodigy in mana manipulation," Father responded, much more calmly. "Who's ever heard of an awakening at the age of three?"

"But that means he'll have to leave home. He's not even four, Reynolds! We can't have our baby leave home at such an early age." "You don't get it. When I observe him while he meditates, I can't help but feel that this all comes naturally to him. Alice, honey, I'm holding my son back by trying to teach him something he can do in his sleep." Thus began my parents' quarrel.

They went back and forth, basically repeating their initial points; Mother kept saying that I was too young, and Father argued that they couldn't hold me back from reaching my full potential. In the mean time, I was playing a game of war with my food. The peas attacked for the Mother Empire, while the carrots of the Father Nation desperately defended their land.

Finally, as they each ran out of points to back their argument, my father turned to me. "Art, this concerns you, so you have a say as well. How would you feel about going to a big city and having a teacher?"

I applauded his effort at trying to make this fair, but I didn't think he realized that he was asking a three-year-old to make a decision that would ultimately change his life.

Trying to put an end to their argument, I said, "Can I meet some men tors and ask them if I need to be tutored?"

A tense silence fell over the room as my parents mulled over my suggestion.

Had I stepped on a landmine? Were they mad because I hadn't chosen a side? Having no confidence in my ability to keep a poker face, I looked down and waited for their response. Thankfully, none of my fears were on their minds. My mother finally spoke, muttering quietly, "We'll at least have his mana core and channels formally tested. We can figure out what to do from there."

My father nodded in agreement, and we began making preparations to leave the very next day.

When I'd made my suggestion, I had assumed we'd be going to a near by town or city-perhaps a day's travel-to have me tested by a qualified mage. Never had I been so wrong.

The journey would be three weeks long. We would be travelling by horse-drawn carriage through the Grand Mountains to a city called Xyrus.

One of the books I had read popped into my mind. I recalled reading about a floating piece of land, built by an elite organization of conjurers for the sole purpose of housing the prestigious mage academy. A city had later been built around the academy, and both the city and the academy were named after the leader of the organization, Xyrus.

I wondered how it was possible to keep a piece of land, nearly a hundred miles long, afloat. Magnetism? Then the land beneath the city would be affected by it. Did the city have its own gravitational field? It was clear that there was much about this world I didn't understand; perhaps I could find answers in the books in our library, or in a library in Xyrus.

Faced with the prospect of such a long journey, I began to wish this world had sources of transportation like my previous world. In order to get to the city, we'd have to enter through one of the designated teleportation gates in the Grand Mountains. Otherwise, it would easily take months to travel across the continent to reach the gate below the actual city, which floated near the border of the kingdoms of Sapin and Darv.

One reason my father pushed for us to go on this journey now was because his ex-party members were also on their way to the city of Xyrus. Going now, with them, meant we would have three augmenters and two conjurers, along with my mother, who was a rare emitter, and my father, a B-class augmenter. While the mountain range didn't have any mana beasts, there were still the potential dangers of bandits and wild animals.

While my mother and father took care of packing all the necessities, I packed my wooden sword and two books- The Encyclopedia of Dicathen and Foundations of Mana Manipulation -for the journey. By mid-morning, we were ready to head out.

After tying my knapsack, filled with my books and a couple of snacks, to my back and strapping my wooden sword to my waist, I grasped my mother's hand and followed my parents to meet their former party members. Although I'd heard about them from time to time from Father, I had never visited the house while they were helping rebuild it, so this would be my first time meeting them.

When we reached the inn at Ashber, we saw them out in front, near the stables. My father rushed to hug his ex-party members, then exclaimed, "Guys, I'd like you all to meet my son, Arthur. Go on, Art, say hello."

Looking up at them as I gave a half-bow, I introduced myself using the most formal speech I thought I could get away with.

"Hello. My father has told me great things about his fellow Twin Horns members. Thank you for travelling with us to Xyrus. We'll be in your hands."

One of the men burst into laughter and said, "What is this? Such manners! Are you sure he's your son, Rey?" From my father's stories and his red hair, I recognized him as Adam Krensch, an augmenter whose main weapon was the spear.

Taking a closer look at him, he seemed like the energetic, talkative type. Fairly good-looking, he had bright red hair tied into a messy pouf, almost like a flame. His bangs escaped from the hair tie, and he looked like some sort of vagabond. His eyes were bright and seemed to be always laughing. The most noticeable thing about him, though, was the scar across his nose, reaching both cheeks.

As I studied him, I felt myself being lifted and held firmly against something soft while a woman's voice said, "Awww... Isn't he just so precious? You should be glad he doesn't look like you, Reynolds."

Pulling my face away from her breasts, in which she seemed to be trying to suffocate me, I took a good look at the woman. While not as pretty as my mother, she gave off a "royal princess" vibe, with long blond hair that came to a curl at the ends and round, radiant green eyes. She could only be Angela Rose, a conjurer whose specialty, according to my father, was wind magic.

She squeezed me tighter and, just as I began to squirm uncomfortably, a strong pair of hands grabbed me by the knapsack strapped to my back and whisked me away.

"Angela, you're hurting him," a deep voice grunted.

There I hung, like a kitten whose mother had him by the scruff of his neck, unable to move. My eyes remained fixed on the dark-eyed giant who held me suspended in midair. Then he carefully lowered me back onto the ground and tidied my clothes.

How genteel.

I imagined riding on his shoulders the whole way, as if he were a mighty steed. I looked up at him, my eyes getting bigger as I pondered.

Since he was the only other man in the party, I knew he had to be Durden Walker, a conjurer who specialized in earth magic. Standing well over six feet in height, he had very narrow eyes and eyebrows that slanted down, giving him an almost innocent face compared to his enormous body. A staff was strapped to his back, and the short, scruffy black hair on his head completed his shaggy dog image. Dusting my clothes off, I turned from the giant to face the woman standing to his left. She looked slightly younger than everyone else. Her straight black hair was partially tied up with a ribbon, and her red, half-open eyes and pursed lips gave her an intense appearance. "Mhm," she said brusquely, then gave a slight nod and turned away. Clearly a woman of few words. How charming.

Watching as she walked away toward the stable, I spotted two short daggers strapped to her lower back, just above the hips. The weapons told me that she was Jasmine Flamesworth. My father had told me that her skill as an augmenter paled in comparison to the speed with which she wielded the dual daggers.

The last member of the Twin Horns was Helen Shard. She patted my head lightly and gave me a charming smile. Everything about Miss He len was sharp: sharp eyes, perky pointed nose, thin red lips, and an angular frame. With her shoulder-length hair tied tightly back, she looked almost boyish. I couldn't help but be charmed by the charisma the augmenter exuded; she had a 'we can do anything if we believe' attitude that seemed to seep from her pores and make her practically glow. Clothed in light leather armor with her bow and arrows strapped to her back, her appearance made me wonder briefly if she might be an elf, but I quickly abandoned that thought after seeing her

rounded ears.

After we finished loading all our travel necessities into the two carriages we were taking, we were ready to strap in what I'd thought would be horses. But to my surprise, the stable hand brought out a pair of giant lizards, which were called skitters. Domesticated mana beasts used for transportation, with spikes across their backs and powerful claws, these D-class monsters were much more efficient, if more expensive, than horses for travelling mountain terrain. When we were finally ready, I hopped up onto the second carriage, using a little mana to strengthen my legs. Lately I'd gotten the hang of using my mana to reinforce my body. I had yet to fully test what I was capable of, for fear of giving my parents heart attacks by showing off too much, but it was already becoming more natural for me to direct my mana from my core through my mana channels. I leaned up to look out the window as the skitters began pulling us along. Let the journey begin!

By nightfall, the once-distant mountain range seemed to have doubled in size, and I wondered how big the Grand Mountains would be when we reached the foothills. The excitement of being out of the tiny out post of Ashber, my hometown, had not worn off yet. The thing I detested most about this body was how much sleep I required. Despite my desire to see the country as we travelled, I'd slept most of the way, and I still felt heavy-eyed though I'd only been awake for a few hours.

We eventually stopped to make camp near a small cluster of boulders. It was an ideal spot to shelter, with the rocks blocking nearly all the wind and plenty of fallen branches to use for the campfire. The adults set up a couple of tents around the fire, and my father and mother had begun conversing with the Twin Horns about old times when Helen sat down next to me.

She said nonchalantly, "I heard your pops say you're some kind of genius mage. Is it true you've already awakened?"

Not knowing how to respond, I just replied with the truth. "Yes."

She began questioning me, asking things like how I'd felt when I awakened and what color my mana core currently was. By this time, a couple of curious ears had perked up.

Adam asked, "Hey, Reynolds, do you mind if I test little Art?"

If anyone had asked me, I might've said something along the lines of,

'Maybe mock-fighting with someone my age isn't the best idea, since a normal three-year-old's great accomplishments at this point would be going up and down stairs with alternating feet, walking in a circle, and perhaps, if he was really coordinated, balancing on one foot for several seconds,' but apparently that sort of thing never occurred to anyone here.

Both my father and mother seemed a bit hesitant at first, but they trusted their old comrade. Finally my father replied, "All right, but be careful. I haven't had the chance to teach him how to properly fight yet. We've just been doing light strength and mana exercises so far." Adam got up from his makeshift log seat and looked around until he found a short stick he felt satisfied with.

"Come here, kid," he said with a chuckle. "Let's see what you're made of."

6

## Up the Mountain

I didn't know whether he'd heard I was some sort of genius and assumed I had an inflated ego, and wanted to beat some sense into me, or whether he was genuinely trying to gauge my strength. But judging by the smug grin on his face as he looked down at me-even if it was only natural for him to look down on me, given his height compared to mine, it still irked me-I was starting to suspect it was the former.

Retrieving the wooden sword I had been given by my parents, I walked to the edge of the camp, where Adam was waiting near a small clearing.

"You do know how to reinforce your weapon, right, genius?" he asked, emphasizing the last word.

By this time, my father seemed to have already sensed that Adam was trying to put on a show of dominance over his little boy, but he just watched, knowing he wouldn't hurt me too badly.

Many thanks, dear father.

My mother looked a bit more anxious. She kept glancing back and forth from me to Adam to my father, keeping a firm hold on Father's sleeve.

At least Mother was there to heal me if I got hurt. That was a small consolation.

I focused my gaze on Adam, who was about fifteen feet away from me. Images from my past life-dueling other kings for the sake of my country and those I loved-popped into my head. My eyes narrowed, restricting my vision to only the man in front of me. He was the opponent now.

I willed mana into my legs and dashed forward, both hands gripping the wooden sword as I lifted it to my right.

His expression still twisted into a smug smile, Adam prepared to block my horizontal swing, but I feinted. Using the special footwork I had developed for dueling in my old world, in an instant I had blinked a foot diagonally to his right.

Curse this body! I hadn't reached the spot I'd been aiming for-be cause of the height and weight difference of this smaller body com pared to my old one, I hadn't executed the technique perfectly. Still, unfortunately for Adam, he had already positioned his stick to block my swing from the other direction, so his right side was unprotected. His smug look vanished and his eyes opened wide as he realized what was about to happen.

Swinging at his open ribcage, I waited to until the last moment rein force my wooden sword with mana to conserve my own mana, because I knew I was at a disadvantage against a veteran like him.

Adam's look of surprise lasted but a split second before he pivoted on his right foot with almost inhuman speed. I squatted in time to dodge his upward swing, and switched my stance from a thrust to a spinning swipe, using all my momentum to land a blow on his left ankle. Adam's leg gave out at that moment, throwing him off balance-or so I thought. He actually did a full split before hoisting himself up on his hands to execute a low roundhouse kick.

I knew this body wouldn't be able to take a hit like that, so I jumped up to dodge his legs. Then, in my peripheral vision, I saw the flash of brown from his wooden stick. With no time to bring my blade up to block the swing, I thrust my sword pommel first into into the arc of Adam's wooden stick.

The physics lessons I'd studied in my old world suddenly came to mind. Newton's Third Law of Motion: 'For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction.'

The opposite reaction was painful indeed. While I did block the blow successfully, my small body was no match for its force, and I was launched into the air before skipping across the ground like a flat rock on a lake.

Thankfully, I had reinforced my whole body before the blow landed. Otherwise I could have been seriously hurt. Groaning, I sat up and rubbed my throbbing head. Looking up, I saw seven stupefied faces staring at me.

My mother recovered first, shaking her head. She rushed toward me and immediately mumbled a healing spell. Out of the corner of my eye, I spotted Durden thumping Adam's head with enough force to make him stumble forward. I couldn't say I was unhappy at the sight. "Art, honey, are you okay? How do you feel?" "I'm fine, Mom, don't worry."

Adam's voice cut in. "'Haven't taught him how to fight,' my ass! How the hell did you train this little monster?" he groaned, one hand gingerly prodding at the lump Durden had given him.

"I didn't teach him that," my father finally managed to say. He shook himself out of his stupor and came over to ask if I was okay. I just nodded. Then he picked me up and carried me back to where I had been sitting before. He lowered me back down gently, and squatted in front of me so he was at my eye level.

"Art, where did you learn to fight like that?"

Saying, "Hey dad, I was the King Duelist representative of my country, in a world where diplomatic and international issues are settled by battles. I just happened to be reincarnated as your son. Surprise," seemed unlikely to get a hearty reaction from him, so I decided to feign ignorance. I put on an innocent face and said, "By reading books and watching you, Dad."

"Sorry for roughing you up there, little buddy," Adam muttered. "I did n't expect I would need to use that much strength to get you off me." Adam's apology gave me a slightly better impression of him. Perhaps he wasn't a total ass.

A hushed voice came from my left. "Your fighting style is... unique. How did you do that step after the feint?"

Two complete sentences! That was by far the longest string of words Jasmine had said this entire trip. I felt almost honoured.

"Thank you," I responded, and organized my thoughts before trying to explain, step by step, what I had done. "It's a simple technique. Since I was feinting to Mr. Krensh's right side, I placed my right foot forward as the last step before the feint. Then I instantly focused my mana into the right foot, pushing myself back. At the same time I brought my left leg behind the right, aimed at an angle toward where I wanted to go. I focused mana into my left foot this time, but with more power than I used on the right so that I didn't propel myself backward instead of the direction I actually wanted to go."

That was a mouthful.

I watched as Adam, Helen, and my father headed toward the clearing to test what I had just explained. I turned to face Jasmine, but saw only her back as she rushed toward the clearing as well.

Mother sat down next to me, patting my head with a gentle smile on her face that seemed to say, 'you did well.' Angela scooped me up, burying my face-or, rather, my whole head-in her bosom, cheerfully exclaiming, "Cute and talented, aren't you? Why couldn't you have been born earlier so this sister could snatch you up herself!"

Blushing, I willed myself away from her voluminous bosom. I couldn't help but feel awkward at the sensation of being crushed into her breasts while my mother and the rest looked on. This was, I suppose, another one of those things a normal three year old wouldn't have to worry about.

My guardian angel, Durden, was much calmer about things and just gave me a thumbs-up. I was beginning to like him.

The other four adults spent most of the night trying to master the feint-step, while I slept in the tent with Mother.

Days passed before we finally managed to make it to the foot of the Grand Mountains-which certainly lived up to their name.

Along the way, only Helen had managed to lay down her pride and ask me for clarification on the feint-step. I went over it slowly, explaining how to time the interval between the last right foot movement and the positioning of the left foot, and how to properly balance the out put of mana into both feet to ensure you go in the direction you want. The whole time, I could almost see the ears of the other three growing larger as they tried to drink in the information I gave her, nodding as they took mental notes.

The first of the four to succeed was Jasmine. She seemed like the brusque, genius type, so I wasn't surprised.

She'd pulled me aside one day while I was taking my reading and writing lessons on the back of the carriage with Mother. Flushed with re strained excitement, she asked me to watch.

We had to make a brief stop so the carriages wouldn't leave us behind. After she successfully demonstrated the feint-step, I applauded, saying, "Amazing! You learned it so quickly!"

It was rather basic compared to some of the techniques I had developed, but I wasn't going to tell her that.

She responded curtly, saying, "It was nothing," but the upward curve of her lips and the slight proud twitch of her nose showed otherwise. She was delighted.

By the time we had arrived at the foot of the Grand Mountains, the other three had also managed to learn the technique, each of them changing it slightly to fit their own fighting style.

The next step of the journey was the ascent up the mountains. Luckily, there was a path, wide enough for two carriages, that circled around the mountain, eventually leading to the teleportation gate at the top. Durden held the reins of the carriage in front, with Father beside him to keep him company. Their carriage held most of our luggage. Helen was currently seated on the top of the second carriage, the one I was riding in, scouting for anything out of the ordinary. Angela sat inside the second carriage with my mother and me, and Adam walked be hind us, keeping guard. While Jasmine steered the carriage, she kept turning her head back and staring at me as if trying to drill holes through me with her eyes. I wondered if she expected me to show her some more techniques. But every time I met her gaze, she quickly turned her head back to the front, reminding me of an abashed fiveyear-old.

Speaking of age, I had turned four during the first leg of our journey to the foot of the Grand Mountains. I didn't know when Mother had prepared the cake, or where she had stored it-or whether it was even edible-but I didn't complain. I put on a big smile and thanked her and everyone else. The other adults all gave me a hug or a pat on the back, but then Jasmine surprised me by handing me a short knife, declaring simply, "Present."

From anyone else it would've been curt, but from Jasmine it was al most extravagant.

Fortunately, our journey up the mountain was uneventful. I spent a lot of my time reading my book on mana manipulation, trying to learn more about the differences between mana and ki. They seemed pretty similar, except that an augmenter's mana usage could occasionally take on the property of elements. Reading on, I noticed that, for beginners who were able to dabble in this, these elemental attributes were not as distinct as what one might see when conjurers cast spells, but only loosely resembled the quality of each individual element. For example, an augmenter who had an innate compatibility with fire would have mana that showed an explosive quality when used. Water would naturally have a smooth, flexible aspect; earth would be firm and rigid; and, finally, wind would have the quality of a sharp blade. It seemed strange to me. In my old world, these aspects of ki had nothing to do with elements, but rather depended on how this inner energy was utilized. Shaping the ki into points and edges would give it the so-called "wind element;" storing it up into a single point and bursting it at the last moment would give it the "fire element," and so on. Practitioners had their own preferences and were naturally better at practising one style than another, but it wasn't uncommon. Only the most basic use of ki involved reinforcing the body and weapons. I would have to test this with mana the first chance I got. I had all the time in the world, free of any responsibilities, but being stuck in a four-year-old body with constant supervision by suspicious adults limited my ability to practice.

I was still reading when, suddenly, Helen's alarmed voice rang in my ears.

" Bandits! Prepare to engage!" she shouted as a rumble of footsteps came from our right rear.

Angela began intoning, "Submit, O wind, and follow my will. I command and gather you around in protection. Wind Barrier!" I felt a gust of wind forming a tornado around Mother, Angela, and me inside the carriage. Then the gust formed into a sphere, enclosing us.

With her wand outstretched, Angela concentrated on keeping the barrier active. Arrows constantly bombarded it, only to be redirected as soon as they struck.

My mother pulled me in close, using her body to shield me from what ever might get through. Thankfully, her efforts weren't necessary, as the barrier held strong.

In a matter of seconds, the tarp covering the carriage roof was torn to shreds, and I had a better view of the situation at hand. We were completely surrounded.

7

## How I Wished

From what I could see, there were at least thirty bandits. Our situation was unfavourable at best, as our paths-both to move forward and to retreat-were blocked by bandits wielding swords, spears, and other close-ranged weapons. Archers were positioned atop a cliff on the mountainside to our right, their bows aimed down at us, while only the steep edge of the mountain, with the looming fog below, beckoned to our left.

Jasmine, Durden, and my father showed no visible injuries, but He len's complexion was unhealthily pale-evidently a result of the arrow jutting from her right calf. The walls of our carriage had given way to the force of Angela's spell, but the wind sphere still protected us.

A scarred, bald man with the body of a bear approached, settling the giant battle axe he carried against his shoulder. "Look what we have here. Pretty good catch, boys. Leave only the girls and the kid alive. Try not to scar them too much. Damaged goods sell for less," he snorted with a leer that revealed his nearly toothless mouth.

' Damaged goods '...

I felt my body temperature rising, and I tensed with a smoldering anger I hadn't felt toward anyone in a long time.

Being sheltered in the bubble of my home had almost made me forget, but any world will have its own share of trash like him.

Nearly forgetting the fact that I was now in a four-year-old's body, I was ready to rush this brute when my father yelled, "There are only four mages, and none of them seem to be conjurers! The rest are normal warriors!"

I hadn't yet learned how to distinguish a mage from a normal human, but I trusted my father's assessment-it was easy enough to infer what sort of mage a person was by their physical appearance and weapons. I was impressed by how quickly my father reverted to his former adventuring days as the leader of the Twin Horns. His expression held the wisdom that could only come from experience. He donned his gauntlets, shouting, "Safeguard formation!"

Adam quickly arrived at the back of the carriage, facing the road be hind us with his spear raised. Jasmine and Helen moved to our left with their weapons unsheathed, facing ahead, while Angela maintained her position, preparing another spell as she kept her wind barrier active. My father and Durden faced the mountainside, positioning themselves to protect us from the archers overhead.

"Gather and guard my allies, O benevolent Earth; do not let them be harmed," Durden chanted, casting a spell, and the ground rumbled and transmuted into a massive earthen wall curving up in front of him.

Seizing that moment of distraction, my father burst forward toward the enemy archers, raising his gauntlets to guard against the flurry of arrows.

At almost the same moment, Angela finished her second spell and unleashed a torrent of wind blades, aiming them at the path behind and in front of the carriages. That was apparently the cue; Adam and Jas mine shadowed behind the wind spell to arrive in front of our distraught enemies, who were covering their vitals against the flurry of blades. Helen held her position, her arrow nocked and bow drawn, im buing the tip with mana that shone with a faint blue light.

It didn't take a genius to realize that this was the ideal arrangement for protecting people or valuable goods. With two layers of protection from the conjurers and an archer-mage ready to shoot down anyone who managed to get past Adam, Jasmine, and Father, it was a standard yet well-thought-out formation.

"Warrior coming your way, Helen!" Adam shouted as he dodged the swing of a mace, delivering a precise swipe to the jugular of an unfortunate bandit. The man's eyes widened and he dropped his weapon, desperately trying to seal the fatal wound with his trembling hands as blood spurted from the gaps between his fingers.

Mother was holding me firmly to her body, trying to shield my eyes from the scenes of gore around us. But she wasn't looking down at me, so she didn't realize that I had a clear view of everything her arm did n't cover.

Meanwhile, a scruffy middle-aged man wielding a machete lunged to ward us, hoping to disrupt Angela's wind-blade spell. Although the spell wasn't particularly powerful, it provided a painful distraction that kept us on equal footing, despite the fact that we were outnumbered.

I tried to free myself to block the man before he got in range to attack Angela, but before I could pull myself away from my mother, it was al ready over.

The fierce sound of the shot came only after the arrow had done its job. Helen had fired with enough force to pierce through the armoured chest of the machete-wielding bandit, lift him up and back a halfdozen yards, and nail him into the ground.

I took a brief moment to make a mental note: Wise men ought not to piss off Helen.

Helen's eyes narrowed as she nocked and drew another arrow. Looking carefully, I could make out the mana gathering in her right eye as she shut her left. Soon, a second reinforced arrow streaked past with a sharp hiss, ignoring all air resistance as it closed in on another enemy fighter.

This man vaguely resembled a smaller Durden, but more muscular and more angular of face. With his brows furrowed in concentration, he had somehow brought his giant sword-which was easily as tall as he was-around to reach the arrow in time to block it, creating a sound like a bullet hitting metal. The enemy fighter slid back, unharmed, and anchored his greatsword into the ground to balance himself. How ever, before he even had the chance to smirk in contentment, a second arrow pierced through his forehead. It was a grim sight, seeing the light drain from his eyes.

Jasmine was engaged in an intense duel against an augmenter, whose weapon was a long chain whip. Jasmine seemed to be at a disadvantage; the range of her two daggers was lacking, and she was doing all she could to dodge the erratic movements of the whip.

The enemy had realized how much she was struggling, and he licked his lips as he jeered, "I'll make sure to treat you real well before we sell you off as a slave, little missy. Don't worry-by the time I'm done training you, you'll be begging to stay with me."

The very thought made me shudder, but at this point all I could do was clench my fists in frustration. Against a fighter, I had a chance, but against an adult augmenter? I didn't have confidence in my chances of winning. It pained me to stay protected while everyone else risked their lives. I tried to think of ways to help, but none came to mind. I could only grit my teeth and endure.

Surveying the battle, I saw that the earth wall was holding strong, none of the arrows able to penetrate it. I watched Durden's left hand, which was directed toward the earth wall as he maintained a constant flow of mana to keep it from collapsing. He formed a narrow slit in the middle of the wall, allowing us to see my father chasing after the fleeing archers as they scattered about.

"Take heed, Mother Earth, and answer my call. Pierce my enemies. Let none of them live. Rupture Spike."

In moments, a dozen spikes burst forth from the ground beneath the bandit archers. A few managed to dodge, but many of the bandits were impaled, their screams lasting only moments before they died.

Casting the spell had visibly drained Durden; his jaw clenched as beads of sweat ran down his pale face. It was at this moment that I noticed my mother had taken out a wand. Her trembling fingers fumbled with it, but then she shook her head and stuffed it back into her robe. In place of the wand, she held onto me, even tighter than before.

No one from our side was injured other than Helen, who had managed to tie a strip of cloth around her calf to minimize the bleeding from her wound. Fortunately, the arrow hadn't lodged too deeply, thanks to Helen's mana reinforcement; the bleeding was quickly under control. But throughout all of this, my mother had a constant look of anxiety, her face pale with worry. I couldn't help but notice that she kept reaching for the wand in her robe, only to draw her hand back at the last minute each time. Her eyes darted left and right, constantly looking out for anything that might harm us.

Her behavior confused me a bit, but I dismissed it, assuming that since she hadn't been an adventurer for as long as my father had, she was simply not used to situations like this.

The battle was coming to its peak. The bandit group had not anticipated that every member of our group would be a capable mage. Because of that error in calculation, all the melee fighters were dead. The only ones left alive were the mages and a couple of scattered archers on the run.

Jasmine was still having trouble with the chain-wielding slaver, but the arrogance was wiped from his expression by this time, and his body was dripping blood from various nicks and cuts.

Adam was engaged with an augmenter who held a sword in each hand. Adam's flexible maneuvers and the sudden attacks of his fighting style reminded me of a snake. He clearly had the potential to be one of the rare elemental augmenters with a water-attribute style. Reinforcing the shaft of his spear for flexibility, Adam attacked with a storm of quick thrusts and fluid swipes. The battle seemed to be going in his favor; his opponent's wounds were bleeding profusely, and he desperately tried to parry the onslaught of Adam's blows.

A thundering crash shifted my attention away from their battle. My father was struggling to pick himself up from where his opponent had knocked him against the debris of what was left of the earth wall. Blood dribbled from the side of his mouth.

"Dad!" I shouted, and heard my mother cry in the same moment, "Honey!"

I rushed out of the protective curtain of wind to kneel in front of Father, my mother following immediately behind. The remaining bandits were struggling with the other Twin Horns members, so we were as safe as possible given the circumstances. I could see the panic written on her face as she nervously contemplated what to do. I didn't know why she wasn't healing him-maybe she was too startled to think of it. But just when I was about to suggest it, my father cut me off.

"Alice," he said with a ragged cough, "listen to me. Don't worry about me. If you use a healing spell right now, they'll realize what you are and try that much harder to capture you. They'll be willing to sacrifice a lot more if they know," he stressed, his voice a low whisper.

After a brief, trembling hesitation, my mother took out her wand and began chanting. Perhaps her stammering words were from distress at seeing her husband injured, or perhaps his warning had frightened her, but she seemed almost afraid of using her magic.

Father turned to me, after realizing he could not persuade his wife.

"Art, listen carefully. After the healing spell activates, they're going to do everything they can to capture your mother. Once I'm healed enough, I'm going to engage the leader and try to buy more time. I think I can beat him, but not if I have to worry about protecting the two of you. Take your mother back down the road and don't stop. Adam will open up a path for you."

"No, dad! I'm staying with you. I can fight! You saw me! I can help!" Any consideration for being mature eluded me. In this moment, I was acting exactly like the four-year-old I appeared to be, but I didn't care. I wasn't going to leave behind the family I had grown to love and the friends I had bonded with.

" Listen to me, Arthur Leywin! " Father roared in agony. This was the first time I had heard him use this voice-the kind of voice one would use only for desperate measures. "I know you can fight! That's why I'm entrusting your mother to you. Protect her, and protect the baby inside her. I'll catch up to you after this is over."

His words shook my mind like thunder.

Protect her, and protect the baby inside her ...

Suddenly, everything clicked: why she was acting so fearful; why she was clutching me and making sure nothing even got close to us; why Durden and Angela were both guarding us with defensive spells, in stead of just one of them.

My mother was pregnant.

"I was planning to tell you when we arrived in Xyrus, but..." My father didn't finish his sentence, just looked at me sheepishly, still pale from the blow he had received from the bald axe-wielding boss.

"I'll protect Mom. I promise."

"Attaboy. That's my son."

Just then, my mother finished her chant, and both she and my father glowed in a bright golden-white light.

"Son of a-One of them's a healer! Don't let her get away!" the leader roared.

I quickly grabbed my mother's arm with both hands and tugged at her to move, reinforcing myself with mana as we went.

A dozen yards down the road, we reached the area where Adam and the dual-wielder were battling. "Art, hurry, I got him!" Adam barked, keeping his opponent at bay. The dual-wielder was obviously frustrated by his inability to get past Adam to reach me or Mother.

As we hurried down the slope, I heard a faint whizz sound to our left. Acting on instinct, I jumped up, bringing my wooden sword up and reinforcing my whole body and the sword to withstand the blow of the incoming arrow.

A splintering crack resonated as the arrow met the wooden sword. Fortunately, the arrow wasn't reinforced with any mana, so even though the force of the impact pushed me back, I was able to regain my balance in midair by using the force of the shot, rotating my body and redirecting the arrow away. I landed on my feet-a bit less impressively than I'd wanted to-and threw away what was left of my wooden

sword.

"What the-" I heard the assailant say, followed by a grunt as he was promptly impaled by one of Helen's arrows.

" Go! " she exclaimed, nocking in another arrow and firing it at the leader of the bandits to assist my father.

As I turned to grasp my mother's hand, I heard the bandit leader bark, "Damien! Forget the plan-don't let them live!"

Who is he giving commands to? Adam and Jasmine were each fighting a mage, my father and Helen were working together to battle the third -suddenly I remembered. Weren't there four?

"...respond to my call and wash all to oblivion!" a faint voice chanted. On the mountainside, one of the scattered 'archers' was standing, his hands together, aimed at me and mother. We had been tricked. The fourth mage had camouflaged himself during the chaos and retreated to a safer distance.

Shit!

There wasn't much time to react as a huge sphere of pressurized water, at least three yards in diameter, shot toward us, increasing in size as it neared. My mind raced, trying to come up with options.

To my immediate right was my mother, and to my left, not far off, were Adam and his opponent; behind me, of course, was the edge of the mountain. Even if I could dodge this, Mother wouldn't be able to -she'd be forced off the edge of the mountain.

What should I do?

"Damn it!" I let out a roar unfit for a four-year-old.

Gathering all the mana remaining in my small body, I tackled my mother, propelling both of us out of the way. But I quickly realized my forty-pound body couldn't carry enough momentum to push us both of out of range of the water cannon.

I had no choice. But if I was going down, I was going to make sure to take that bastard down with me!

I channeled mana into my arms and pushed my mother further down, out of range. In that moment, everything seemed to be moving in slow motion. My mother's eyes slowly widened in panic and disbelief. She might be badly bruised from the fall, but such minor injuries were the least of my problems at that moment. If I didn't want us to get hit with another spell, I had to get rid of this conjurer.

Unsheathing the knife Jasmine had given me from my waist, I imbued it with mana. What I was about to try was something I had only done with ki in my old world-never with mana.

After willing mana into the knife, I threw it like a boomerang, aiming it at the conjurer, who was still concentrating on the water cannon. The knife curved around the edge of the giant cannonball of water moments before I heard the firm thud of the blade meeting its target.

The mage let out a shrill howl of pain, followed by a string of curses that proved he wasn't dead.

Losing concentration, the mage let the water cannon falter, but unfortunately, the surge of water was still strong enough to push me off the cliff.

Thankfully, I had a backup plan. I had created a thin string of mana to attach the knife-currently lodged somewhere in the conjurer's body -to my hand.

I tugged back on the strand of mana just as the water rammed against my body like a brick wall, knocking every ounce of air out of my lungs and most likely breaking my ribs. Like a fish caught on the line, the mage screamed over the gushing tide of water as he was helplessly dragged down with me by the force of his own spell.

Even as my vision darkened, I could see the battle coming to an end. Father and Helen had just managed to kill the leader. With Angela's help, Jasmine was able to bring the whip user down to his knees. I al so spotted Durden-he was desperately conjuring a spell to save me, but I knew it was too late; the spell had knocked me too far away.

Still, I was comforted by the fact that everyone would be safe. The only thing I would regret, I thought, was being unable to see my baby sibling.

With that, I felt the cold grip of sleep steal me away. Damn... I always wanted to be an older brother.