## DOCUMENTARY: GENERAL ZETTOUR'S RESOLVE / A DRAMATIC REENACTMENT

War is full of mysteries.

More than its fair share, one might say.

Regarding the east in particular, most documents have been lost, and testimony from those involved in the war is vague and contains massive discrepancies.

However, unexpected time capsules from the past can also provide surprising answers to long-standing mysteries. Today, those answers come straight from the vault of a high-ranking foreign affairs official in the former Empire.

If the Londinium University research group tasked with cataloguing surviving documents on behalf of the official's family did not find a certain message, it would have surely been lost beneath the avalanche of history.

In truth, the existence of this note had already been known, with existing testimony attesting that General Zettour and the official had engaged in close conversation while in attendance at a New Year's banquet, during which Zettour had written something on a napkin that he then passed to the official. This practical connection was one already known to scholars beforehand.

However, while the meaning of this connection had been a subject of focus, with General Zettour and this Foreign Office counselor interacting socially in public view during the banquet, previous scholars had paid very little attention to the actual contents of the notes, perhaps because the note had yet to be found.

But what of the newly discovered note? Was it simply seasonal greetings, as expected? Or mundane everyday work matters? Perhaps even a cheeky little joke?

No, it was none of these things.

To someone at the time, the phrase written on that napkin could only be seen as a somewhat pretentious and roundabout smattering of words, but for modern scholars, familiar with history, it was an astonishing discovery.

Now then, let us take a look at the note for ourselves.

It says, The Rising Dawn is near-however, Morning Light will soon follow.

But then why would this once high-ranking official in the Imperial Foreign Office have preserved it so carefully? Today's modern scholars possess the keys to unlocking that mystery.

One such key is the fact that the Empire's New Year's banquet was held just shortly before a strategic offensive conducted by the Federation known as Operation Rising Dawn. The other, the Empire's counterattack known as Operation Morning Light.

Naturally, the strange connection between the names Rising Dawn and Morning Light was something that had not failed to capture notice. The Imperial Army was supposedly caught off guard by the Federation's Rising Dawn offensive and in disarray. For General Zettour to name his response, a hastily concocted defensive plan, as Morning Light?

Both sides have kept a tight lid on their secrets since then, but the connection remains highly unusual. The choice of names, however, was largely considered to be a rare coincidence.

But what if Morning Light had already been planned in anticipation of a Rising Dawn? What if-while the Federation was busily preparing Rising Dawn- General Zettour, meanwhile, was back at the imperial capital, scribbling a note for one of the leading officials in the Foreign Office, advising him not to worry?

This is one of the mysteries of history. What follows is a video reenactment. How much of history was decided in that moment? Please enjoy this reproduction, based on the latest academic theories.

### Dramatic Reenactment-January 2, Unified Year 1928

On that day-deep in the heart of the Empire's General Staff Office, an organization that had once shaken the world-General Hans von Zettour, presiding over the office of the Deputy Director of the Service Corps, glared at the various staff officers whom he had invited there to discuss the reformation of their defensive line in the east. He soon delivered a bombshell to the room with the same casual air with which one might inquire as to what was for dinner.

"Obviously, the Federation is coming. The question, however, is when."

The slight rise in tone at the end of his sentence might have suggested a question. The look on his face, however, as he glanced around the room, seemed to show annoyance. Why could they not understand?

"Listen," he said, standing up. "Much of what we know of the Federation Army's logistics is mixed with speculation. But extrapolating from the general situation, a winter attack seems to be the only option available. They are coming."

" Available is not quite the same as certain, though."

A voice of dissent. How could Zettour be so sure?

In response to this question, General Zettour sighed as if to suggest the subordinate officer who had asked was slow-witted.

"In turning toward Ildoa, we've diverted a large volume of men and supplies from the east, and the Federation must have noticed. It's a simple calculation. The mud season will come again soon," General Zettour continued. "This is the Federation's only chance to take advantage of that opportunity, now before the roads turn into rivers of mud... If they've got the guts to risk it all, the only time can be now. Which is precisely why I've quietly given them this push.

"Do you see?" General Zettour removed a cigar and quietly took a puff as his words slowly settled on the inner chambers of the General Staff Office.

"It is now. This moment is the most dangerous. Which is why the enemy will come. I've made sure of it."

The faces of the collected staff officers stiffened in unison.

What is there to fear? General Zettour, alone, continued to speak with almost childish ease. As if there was nothing in the world he would shrink from.

"However, that does not mean there is no need to worry. To put it plainly, it is a fight against time. If they don't come now, we will be in trouble. Unless we lure them in to strike at our weak side, the Federation will be in a position to ensure victory come spring, and they will be able to plow through our defensive line with sheer numbers alone."

And if they do not come now, we will not be able to catch them in our trap. There is no record of what the others in attendance thought of Zettour's confidence, but when questioned by later generations about that day, former Colonel Lergen simply mumbled that "he was known only as the enemy of the world," before falling silent.

General Zettour delivered a decisive statement to the room.

"Now then, we must keep our essential plan of defense a thorough secret. Under the current situation, our sealed plans grant us a certain degree of surprise, so if our level of preparation were to be revealed, it would be a disaster."

A strategic surprise counterattack, in response to a strategic surprise attack. To carry it out effectively, they needed to conceal the fact that they were lying in wait until the very last possible moment.

"This winter is a turning point. Gentlemen, every day is vital. This is not the time to relax. However, the days ahead will be tough. Breath in the fresh New Year's air while you can. This will be your last chance for quite a while."

For they would soon be busy.

With those last words, General Zettour granted the staff officers a short break.

Previously, scholars had seen the fact that General Zettour had approved this time off as evidence to support the hypothesis that he had not foreseen Operation Rising Dawn. A careless oversight during the holidays, and thus proof that he had mistakenly believed the Federation was not preparing to act. However... the opposing theory that this leeway arose precisely because the general had correctly anticipated the timing of Rising Dawn has now become the favored view!

In General Zettour's words, "as long as I am here, the Empire will not lose, at the very least. I shall yet teach the Communists a lesson in reality that supersedes their ideology."

## JANUARY 2, UNIFIED YEAR 1928, THE GENERAL STAFF OFFICE

Holed up inside the depths of the offices of the General Staff of the Empire, the whole world wants to know what was going on inside General Zettour's head. "WHAT ARE GENERAL HANS VON ZETTOUR'S THOUGHTS THE WORLD WONDERS."

But the thoughts the whole world so wishes to know are dominated by a single concern. One that he reveals bluntly in a meeting with the commander of the Salamander Kampfgruppe, soon to be redeployed in the east.

"Obviously, the Federation is coming. The question, however, is when."

The implication of those words is painful. The initiative is in the Federation's hands, which is a brutal statement on the Empire's position.

Whether they like it or not, Colonel Lergen, Colonel Uger, and Tanya understand the subtext of those words and have resigned themselves to the sad state of affairs. There is no wishful thinking here.

All three look as if they are nurturing headaches, with postures, each in their own fashion, that seem like they're ready to groan.

Colonel Uger turns his eyes upward. He is a good man, the type to seek salvation. Colonel Lergen presses a hand against his stomach. He is one to face reality head-on. Tanya, meanwhile, closes her eyes and turns her head downward, obviously wishing to be anywhere but here.

In this moment, without making eye contact, all three know they are allies with a shared understanding of this distressing reality. But even if that wasn't the case, it'd be unlikely that any of them would have been able to keep from reeling at General Zettour's next words.

"Much of what we know of the Federation Army's logistics is mixed with speculation. But extrapolating from the general situation, the possibility of a winter attack... can likely be ignored. Possibly."

Zettour is an expert in logistics, recently back from a frontline tussle with the Federation. For a man such as he to use words like speculation, likely, and on top of that, possibly!

Of the three present, Colonel Lergen is highest in position. He raises his own question in response.

" Possibly is not quite the same thing as certain, though."

Exactly. General Zettour chuckles softly and reaches for the cigar case left sitting atop his desk. As he is about to pull free a cigar, however, something catches his notice, and he softly puts the cigar back down.

"Your Excellency?"

Zettour waves his hand as if to indicate it is nothing, but his expression continues to harbour an unusual degree of hesitation. He begins to think out loud.

"In turning toward Ildoa, we've diverted a large amount of manpower and supplies in a very eye-catching way. In terms of simple calculation... if the Federation was planning a winter attack, they shouldn't have been able to resist the temptation to do so as soon as we moved."

Then General Zettour continues:

"On the other hand, perhaps deep down, they do have the guts to stake everything on a single wager... but I won in Ildoa. The Federation is careful. They will likely drag their feet until victory is certain."

Without even meaning to, one might say. Tanya peers hard into General Zettour's face.

"The only chance is now, in this moment. In spring or summer, once the mud season ends, the fighting will be fierce."

It is a reasonable opinion. A rational, grounded, and common-sense analysis. Colonel Lergen and Colonel Uger remain silent, however. Something is strange.

"However, that does not mean there is no need to worry. To put it plainly, we are in a race against time. If they come now, we will be in trouble. There is no guarantee they will pass up this opportunity to strike at our weak flank. If they take until summer, we will be able to significantly bolster our defensive line, but still..."

Wait. I'm beginning to picture a terrifying prospect, but she endeavours to put that thought back on the shelf for the moment. It's important to hear people out.

"Now then, we must draft a thorough essential plan of defense. Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff, I'm sure you understand, but the sealed plans from when I was in the east are no more than rough notes. If our level of preparation was to be revealed, it would be an unmitigated disaster."

Of course. Tanya nods.

While stationed in the east, General Zettour endeavoured to shape strategy in a variety of ways and even formulated plans. Tanya herself had been involved in several of these efforts. General's Zettour's position at the time had been inspector. Thus... I am quite aware the sealed plans are not fully formed strategies but rather preliminary research.

What is he saying? That he wants us to prepare before this sorry state of affairs can be revealed to the enemy?

"This mud season will likely be a turning point. We still have just enough room to rest for a moment. However, the days ahead will be tough. Take this time to breathe in the fresh New Year's air while you can."

Good. I nod, waiting for him to continue. When nothing more comes, I decide to ask myself, eager to get down to brass tacks.

"The fate of the Empire is riding on this fight. Don't you have anything more to say...?"

"Of course," General Zettour says, his face showing distress.

"As long as I am here, the Empire will not lose, at least. I shall yet teach the Communists a lesson in reality that supersedes their ideology," he says, adding no more.

The general's face looks tired. The other staff officers understand that this conversation is now over.

The shrewd general, however, has been curiously evasive. The experience has been disconcerting. The three leave the room together, suddenly finding themselves without anything to say as they trudge along the General Staff Office halls together in silence.

Assuming there won't be anything else, it seems like it's time for all of us to drift off in our own directions. I'm thinking about finishing up my remaining work and leaving the office quickly for the day, when Colonel Lergen steps in to put the kibosh on my budding sense of freedom.

"Colonel Degurechaff, perhaps a cigar? I have some excellent stock from Ildoa," he says frankly, sounding like a person suggesting a nightcap after a party has ended.

As socialization goes, it is almost a boilerplate invitation. But Tanya is underage. Care for a cigar, indeed!

In fact, it's technically a crime. Maybe too much war has caused the good colonel to forget common sense.

Of all the... I open my mouth to remonstrate Lergen for his invitation, when I notice Colonel Uger stepping forward and promptly close my mouth.

What luck! A lieutenant colonel refusing an invitation from a colonel could cause offence, but if someone could rebuke the colonel in Tanya's place? I feel a wave of gratitude for Colonel Uger's attentiveness. How masterful!

"Colonel Lergen, please consider who it is you're speaking to. It is Colonel Degurechaff."

Yes, exactly. I nod mentally in response. Perhaps Colonel Lergen has something he wishes to discuss, but he should keep Tanya's physical age in mind.

"The smoke would be too hard on the lungs for an aerial magic officer such as Colonel Degurechaff. Do you want her to choke up there in the sky? What were you thinking...?"

"Oh? It would only be a puff or two. But well... Ah, is it the secondhand smoke? Maybe it would be too much."

Colonel Lergen and Colonel Uger are supposed to be the best of their generation, possessed, you could say, of a highly progressive spirit and-both as members of their organization and as individuals-relatively free from the conventions of the time. At the moment, however, they seem to have entirely missed the mark.

Perhaps because they lack the diversity of experience Tanya enjoys. Seeing as the conversation isn't going anywhere, I grudgingly open my mouth.

"Excuse me, gentlemen? You seem to have forgotten that I am underage. Underage smoking is prohibited by law, and military law provides no exception."

Smoking and drinking by minors is not allowed. It's a simple enough concept, with no room for discussion. And yet.

These two staff officers who are allowed to pass freely through the inner chambers of the office on the merit of their talents-high-ranking soldiers reporting directly to General Zettour himself-suddenly stiffen in shock. They look as if they have just been struck by lightning, and it takes them a good moment to get their expressions under control.

If one was to attempt to describe the looks on their faces, one might say that Colonel Lergen's expression is one of shock, whereas Colonel Uger's is one of amazement. They seem to have realized that interacting only with their own closed circles has left their sense of what is normal somewhat skewed.

Still, though, those faces! I can't help but feel a little exasperated.

They would have made for an amusing photograph. The way people would laugh if they could see them.

"That's right, the lieutenant colonel... You are... the lieutenant colonel, you are the lieutenant colonel..."

Colonel Lergen appears to be rebooting. As far as I can tell, he is trying to say that I am a minor, but he only manages to repeatedly mumble the words lieutenant colonel, which are not, in fact, a synonym for underage. When all one knows is the military, however, they begin to interpret everything in terms of rank.

"Yes, if I was to smoke a cigar, we would all be reprimanded."

Underage drinking and smoking is a very serious problem. It impedes healthy physical and mental growth and causes damage to society as a whole. Although, if anyone was to ask Tanya, she might point out that it is war that is most harmful to the health.

"Forgive me, Colonel Degurechaff. It's not just that we were in war college together. You've also become such a rock lately that I can't help but think of you as being older than you are."

"Thank you for those flattering words, Colonel Uger. Although, the truth is, I don't seem to be growing very much."

An awkward silence begins to descend, but Colonel Lergen, ever the strategist, seems to have pulled himself back together again. He speaks in an obvious attempt to shift gears.

"Well then, Colonel... how about some tea?"

In that case, of course Tanya gladly accepts.

I would rather not be dragged along into this prolonged after-party, but rubbing shoulders with a hands-on man like Lergen might prove beneficial. The last thing I want is to wind up on the front lines, isolated and alone, because I overlooked a helpful connection.

Without further ado, Colonel Lergen claims one of the General Staff Office rooms. Colonel Uger casually has the orderlies bring in a collection of precious tea cakes, in line with the fashion of the times-an expression of his privilege as an elite, with influence even in the inner chambers of power. As someone who works mostly in the field, I'm feeling rather envious as the tea is soon laid out.

As I stand by and watch, however, my nose picks up on something curious. Despite recent circumstances, the General Staff Office's reputation for legendarily atrocious food does not seem to apply to this current spread.

As Colonel Lergen urges us to dig in, he seems to notice the expression on Tanya's face.

"Decent refreshments for a change, aren't they? I thought I'd have an experienced orderly prepare it. Though, perhaps coffee would have done as well. Not everything must come from Ildoa, after all."

Hmm? I raise my head in response.

"I'm sorry, but this wasn't plundered, was it?"

"These are my own personal provisions, procured by legitimate means. I say this in front of Colonel Uger, but the Service Corps is very strict when it comes to embezzling spoils of war. As they should be. I bought these goods myself."

Personal provisions. I bring the cup of tea to my lips dubiously. It is extremely mellow. Truly, a stray visitor from the world of aroma, color, and flavor.

I am no expert and can only describe it as good, though even an amateur could immediately tell the difference between this and some muddy imitation.

How did he get his hands on something like this in the middle of total war, here in the Empire, where tea is not produced?

"The palace's New Year's party was just yesterday. I purchased some of the leftover share from the wife of one of the officials."

"The connections one enjoys when one works for the interior. But where did it originally come from?"

Constantly stuck on the front lines, I cluck my tongue in jealousy of those who get to work in the rear.

"Are you interested in the logistics, Colonel? Honestly, these fine wares were likely carefully shuttled in by various embassy employees remaining in the capital, by way of their diplomatic bags."

"Well then, if Colonel Lergen doesn't mind, let us enjoy this delicious meal."

And it is delicious. Limpid and luxurious, the cup of tea brims with delicate aromas, and the balance of acidity and body is transporting. There is an inimitable depth to the flavor.

I sip my tea, enjoying the elegance. As I sample one of the cakes, I turn toward Colonel Lergen, remembering something.

"Yes? Was there something you wished to speak about?"

"Well... if you are in the mood for conversation..."

"You were kind enough to invite me to tea, Colonel, so I will sit here politely and sip my tea, but is that really the only thing you had in mind?"

Colonel Uger stares at Colonel Lergen as if to suggest this is his own fault for managing the invitation so poorly. Captain Lergen slumps his shoulders and gets down to business.

"It is about General Zettour."

"The general? You mean you've gathered us here to gossip about him in secret?" I ask, pulling back with a somewhat wary expression on my face. In response, Lergen hastily waves his hand as if to suggest he means nothing so unsightly.

"General Zettour has my full support-do not mistake me."

"Please, Colonel Degurechaff, I am asking you as well. Please hear us out."

"You as well, Colonel Uger? Fine, what is it you have to say?"

With a quiet grunt, Lergen crosses his arms and furrows his brow slightly, as if carefully choosing his words.

"It is... difficult to put into words. But at the moment, General Zettour is- How can I put it? He is not frightening. And the fact that he is not frightening is extraordinarily terrifying."

That fact that General Zettour is not frightening is in itself frightening? As I decipher Lergen's meaning, I quickly turn my eyes toward his. The colonel's eyes appear normal. Completely sane.

"I know, it sounds strange. Our deputy director was doing excellent in Ildoa just the other day. He came, he saw, he conquered. I remember."

"I saw him when he arrived at the front as well. I'll never forget the chill that ran down my spine at the moment of victory. But even with that memory, I cannot find anything fearsome about the general now."

"Is the difference that pronounced?"

"Yes," Colonel Lergen says, the conviction evident in each word he speaks.

"In the east, there is a clear difference. The general is simply ordinary."

Uger nods in understanding, although the two are usually reticent to speak ill of others.

"I'm sorry, Colonel Uger, but what exactly do you mean?"

"When standing in General Zettour's presence... I would usually find myself reflexively trying to stand up taller. Perhaps it is different for one of your mettle, Colonel, but it is impossible for us ordinary people not to tense up in his presence. At the moment, however, the general's fearsome aspect seems to be growing somewhat-how to put it?-thin..."

Lergen leans forward in total agreement and begins speaking again.

"To put it plainly, something seems to be missing, something difficult to describe. Whatever magnetism it is that makes the general himself."

I think back on our earlier interaction. Yes, it's true. While Zettour was delivering his thoughts on the east, something was lacking. What might be called his aura. Ultimately, I shake my head.

"Yes, I suppose there was something worn out or scattered about him... but everybody hesitates at times, don't they?"

That aside, I shake my head in thought. For better or for worse, the two colonels have ample opportunity to be in close contact with Zettour and know him best. If even Tanya sensed it vaguely...

"We cannot say, without a shadow of a doubt, that there is no cause to worry..."

"You saw it as well, Colonel?"

"Yes. What do you think, Colonel Uger? Perhaps an issue with General Zettour's health...?"

"He has been tired. Especially after yesterday's banquet."

"Yes. After he returned, his complexion was quite poor."

Colonel Uger's words only further strengthen my misgivings.

"I'm sorry, but may I ask something?"

Uger turns toward her questioningly.

"Was this palace banquet, or whatever it was, really such a draining affair?" Unfortunately, I have no experience with such things. I'm deeply unfamiliar with the connections between the army and the court. At times like this, I can't help but be reminded of the difference between my current situation and the career path I failed to walk.

For better or worse, however, Colonel Uger is decidedly a career soldier and, as one of the inner elite, is well-versed in such events. He seems to be considering how to answer Tanya's offhand question in a way that can truly convey what these parties are like. After a moment, he seems prepared.

"Yes, Colonel, truly draining indeed," he explains carefully, beginning in classic detail with his thesis statement before moving on to supporting details. "Events such as this party are truly exhausting. They leave your shoulders stiff, and the difference in atmosphere and mentality is even more shocking than the difference between the front lines and the rear. Even when one knows what is coming, they are difficult to endure."

Colonel Uger offers his own personal opinion as well.

"This is only my subjective view, but... based on my experience providing support, I imagine even commanding a great battle might be significantly less stressful."

"Plus, he is far too busy with his duties to begin with," Colonel Uger adds, a weighty expression on his face.

"Honestly, it's ridiculous. He is serving as deputy director of both operations and the service corps. And for all intents and purposes, he is practically chief of staff as well. He is filling three roles alone, and he even went off to Ildoa to bolster morale and oversee the troops. On top of everything else, he was forced to act as the face of the military at the New Year's banquet. How much can be asked of one person?"

I grimace in response. This sounds like an example of organizational failure being temporarily covered for by the competency of on-the-ground administration. When administrators with such a wide range of abilities happen to be present, the fact that they can handle such things allows the ridiculous to soon become the norm... and fortunately or not, such people tend not to rest even when they know doing so is necessary.

What comes next is simple. When humans do not rest, they break down. And when a person goes beyond their expiration date, there is only one possible outcome. Once the capable administrator collapses, with so much still on his plate, there is sure to be a mess. I frown and sigh.

"Priorities need to be kept straight. There is only one General Zettour. And if there is only one, then his strengths must be focused where they belong: on administration. The entire game should not be placed on a single player's back, regardless of how skilled they are."

I believe what I'm saying is fairly obvious, but I'm met by a dubious expression from Colonel Lergen. I'm practically scowling internally, wondering if I've misunderstood something. But what the colonel says next causes my lips to twitch in displeasure.

"Oh, that's right. Colonel Degurechaff, you are so abundantly capable that they never assigned you to work as a strategist back here at the General Staff Office."

Well! Wouldn't we all like to be inner elite, sitting back here at the General Staff Office, like His Highness Colonel Lergen? His magnanimous tone of voice only serves to further prickle my nerves. Though, of course, I know that the colonel didn't mean anything by it.

Colonel Lergen is one of the central staff officers, favored sons of the organization-in other words, a man of sterling career. As someone whose own career path has not taken me to the inner chambers, I understand the colonel's words are just a natural reflection of his position. But whether I like it or not, I can feel it. A barrier, like an invisible ceiling, above my head!

For Colonel Lergen and Colonel Uger alike, even their regimental commands are really just a formality. They are essentially fixed in place. Although they do occasionally find themselves venturing outside, this is just a part of the distinguished leadership's efforts to better grasp conditions on the ground.

Their permanent place of residence is still the heart of the center.

In the end, their upbringings are simply too different from Tanya's.

When we were together at war college, it seemed like Colonel Uger would wind up becoming a serious rival for promotion. Somehow or other, though, my career led me away from the limelight. That is what was so confounding about it.

Not that I have any bizarre ideas about dying along with the Empire. There is no point getting overly invested in a career at a workplace that Tanya will transfer out of someday.

Of course, Tanya is a person of civilization, good, peaceful, and free. But in the end, it is impossible to ignore the Imperial Army's personnel assessment-their assessment of her marketplace value. In an odd reversal, it is faith in the market that has left Tanya conflicted.

But that can't last forever.

As I turn my attention back to the discussion at hand, Colonel Lergen finally reveals what it is he's been thinking.

"The General Staff has traditionally kept to an ethos of small but elite. The office's reputation is great, but inversely, the number of actual strategists present is limited."

"Hmm, so... what you are saying is the system has limits? Personnel fatigue?

I begin to say "That makes sense," but stop short. Based on the look on Colonel Lergen's face, I realize that I have once again misunderstood.

"No, no, that's not it, Colonel."

Two nos! I close my mouth, realizing I really missed something fundamental. Now is the time to wait for an explanation.

"When it comes to the Imperial Army, there are so few strategists to begin with that administrative positions are generally not necessary. For deputy directors and so forth, it's standard for them to be enormously talented. As long as they can handle administrative tasks in their free time, that's considered more than enough."

"What? So then how are operations actually planned and developed...?"

"It is an idealistic notion, but when it comes to plans, a broad outline is enough. Similar to a train diagram. Elaborate and complex, but at its roots, still only a sketch."

"Colonel, does that mean that... these so-called plans, strictly speaking, are meaningless on the actual battlefield? That we are in constant need of better blueprints?" I venture, urging him to get to the point with my eyes. This is beginning to feel like some sort of verbal examination back at academy, and I'm growing tired of the back-and-forth.

"True, there is some friction with reality. No matter how far technology comes or how well trained our soldiers, there will always unfortunately be fog of war. Even assuming a plan is perfect at the time of drafting, perfect implementation is impossible."

The idea of a perfect plan, itself, is armchair idealism.

However, that is precisely what makes advance conjecture and planning so important. By considering the possibilities and how they might unfold, one can make the necessary preparations. I've had the importance of planning drilled into me at both military academy and war college, so I can't help but remain sceptical.

"There is no such thing as 'according to plan.' The battlefield is a cauldron of uncertainty."

"And yet you still feel that plans are necessary?"

"As you should well know," I say, smiling in reply to Lergen's question. "Plans are futile, yes. A plan provided today and executed with conviction is of much more value than a perfect plan that won't be ready until next week. But that statement only holds true within the larger framework of planning. Even if only to compare the worst and best and decide which to choose, there is meaning to planning in advance. During officer training, that fact was drilled into our heads over and over again."

"That is correct. But I would like to add the addendum that in reality, combat levels must often be compared on the front."

"Colonel Degurechaff, if I could add to what Colonel Lergen has said, you have often carried out operations while in direct communication with General Zettour, have you not? That may be an exceptional situation, but it is not rare for the Imperial Army to devise its strategies around the axis of such exceptions. Our plans are highly dependent on the capability of individuals. Though, it is an understandable misconception, of course," he says.

I involuntarily blink at that.

"Even if the strategies of the General Staff are like works of art, so to speak, created by individual craftsmen, and not the creations of an organization..."

"You misunderstand. The operational-planning capabilities of the General Staff are not so simple at the individual level. But do you see, Colonel? We are always operating according to how things ought to be."

In an elegant gesture, Lergen touches the frames of his glasses, his eyes taking on a faraway look.

"Recall the Empire's largest offensives. Operation Revolving Door. Operation Iron Hammer."

Against the François Republic, and against the Federation.

"Even when choosing the wrong opponents," Colonel Lergen says, getting to the point, "our army has traditionally not valued having a plan B when carrying out these types of attacks. Or perhaps it would be better to say, it's less that we haven't valued having a plan B, and more that we haven't had the capacity for it."

"Not just that those on the ground haven't been informed...?"

"During Operation Andromeda, that shortcoming almost led to our army dying in vain."

It was a massive setback in their war against the Federation. Perhaps even a fatal failure. The hardships brought about by that strategy are all too familiar. I can only nod in understanding.

So preparation is clearly lacking when it comes to having a plan B. Or perhaps, because they can't afford to fail in the first place, no one has given much thought to what to do when failure does occur. I'm beginning to see where the issue lies.

"That is the terrible side of being dependent on victory. If you cannot afford to fail, you may begin to devise strategies under the assumption that you will not fail and simply lean fully in. In a way, it is understandable. I see. So that is why objectives given on the ground are always so simple yet excessive," I say in conclusion.

Come to think of it, although the expressed intentions were always understandable, when it came to strategic objectives, we were only ever given one aggressive option on the ground: plan A. My comment, however, causes a sour expression to appear on Lergen's face.

"True, but are you sure that is not just your frontline syndrome speaking?"

"Colonel Lergen, that is too harsh," Colonel Uger warns.

Lergen shakes his head in denial. "Listen," he says, turning this way and speaking slowly and carefully. "Commanders in our army pick out the meaning in our orders and then act freely and appropriately to achieve goals. We have come to value the discretion of individual commanders in fulfilling the orders they are given."

"Well, it is the commanders who must execute the mission. Is this not a good system?"

"It is not bad, but our army has become overly specialized. To put it a different way, we do not know any other way to give orders. And we rely on the discretion of those implementing the plans to figure out the finer details."

"Is that a problem? The system seems to be functioning perfectly fine."

If functioning as envisioned, with individual commanders at all levels striving to make the most appropriate decisions without needing to rely on constant communication with and oversight from superiors, such a system would be unbeatable. Creating the necessary organizational culture would be difficult, but once created, it'd be truly powerful. But the Empire succeeded in creating and implementing exactly such a system. So then where is the problem?

I find my own job much easier to handle due to Visha's ability to understand my intentions. Likewise, I'm more than pleased to leave things to Major Weiss. But what if...? And before I can entertain those doubts, the two colonels have already begun to explain.

"Strategically, our defensive plans have always been built around interior line strategies. We have specialized in making the best choices within that framework."

"Yes, when it comes to interior lines, we are a fearsome foe to behold...," Uger says, nodding in agreement with Lergen. It takes me a moment longer, however, to comprehend.

Why are they mentioning interior line strategies?

Researching countless military topographies, keeping precise and flexible diagrams, a doctrine of delegating practically all tactical decision-making... As I think about all this, I finally begin to notice the problem.

"With interior line strategies, in an environment dedicated to counterattacking, every last soldier is highly familiar with the territory, and there is no real need to clarify the order of priority for what areas should be protected."

Lergen grimaces in response as I realize what he's been saying.

"Exactly, Colonel. Our army is strongest when we are fighting in our own backyard. And we have spent many years studying only that type of fighting. It is the fundamental character of our army, even when conquering enemy territory."

"If I could add to what Colonel Lergen has said, when it comes to delegating defensive plans to ground forces, we have not gone far enough in instilling a unified approach toward how to act when not fighting in our own backyard. Do you understand?" Uger asks.

My brain finally grasps what it is the colonels are leaving unsaid. The root of the problem is their organizational culture. In this regard, the Imperial Army's culture, while a type of strength, is also a type of weakness.

The Empire's approach to operational command is based around transmitting targets to commanders. To put it in extreme terms, the Empire's approach to orders is akin to saying, We are going to provide our guests with dinner, so acquire enough steaks for four people. In the extreme example, what kind of steaks per se, and how to acquire them, is up to the commander to decide. They could buy their own preferred cut and cook it to their liking. Or if they were worried the flavor would be underwhelming, they could telephone a steakhouse and have steaks delivered. They could even place it all into the hands of a talented chef who just happens to live next door. Everything is permitted.

On the other hand, if the only option is game meat, then the commander's only choice would be to take the classic approach and go hunting.

Even an outsider can likely understand that much. But that is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to how the Empire does things. The byword of necessity means that commanders of all rank are expected to go above and beyond as a matter of course.

Using the example of steaks, a commander might interpret those orders to mean, The fundamental requirement is to provide dinner, but a different menu would serve perfectly well for vegetarian guests, and so, rather than steaks, they'd provide a vegetarian meal more to the guests' liking. This would qualify as a clear-cut example of observing the intention of the order, even while not taking any of the directions literally for the particulars.

Within the Empire's organizational culture, this is the fundamental role expected of commanders at all levels.

But what about by-the-book orders, with oversight of everything down to the smallest details? The basic framework of the order, Provide steaks for four people, might be the same. However, the finer points would be clarified in the manual, with a scheme to ensure that the same results could be achieved regardless of who's carrying the orders out. For instance- Provide steaks for four people from Steakhouse A. All steaks must be cooked medium-rare. If catering from Steakhouse A is not available, instead procure 150 grams of red meat per person from Butcher B, at a budget of up to 3, 000 yen per person; cook steaks to medium in accordance with the standard manual for steak preparation; arrange and serve in a simplified fashion as appropriate to wartime conditions. If 600 grams of said meat cannot be obtained solely from Butcher B,

Hamburg steaks may be permitted (but only if command is informed and prior consent is obtained). If preparing Hamburg steaks, the ratio of ground meat must meet or exceed military standards. If obtaining the appropriate meat from a butcher proves difficult, report back immediately.

Under this approach, the issue would be whether this litany of eventualities could account for all circumstances. For instance, if the existence of vegetarians has been accounted for, then a clause such as If vegetarians are present among the guests, provide suitable vegetarian meals can be included in advance, allowing the commander to make such arrangements without delay.

But if not?

The order is to provide steaks. And if, unfortunately, Steakhouse A is able to provide catering for four? Well then, the order can be fulfilled. The commander can arrange steaks for four people.

Naturally, upon realizing that one of the guests is a vegetarian, an obvious issue will arise. But the order given leaves no room for interpretation. It calls for steaks from Steakhouse A. In that moment, the commander on the ground will be left in a dilemma. Follow orders, or commit insubordination?

These are the obvious differences between the Empire's approach and a bythe-book approach to giving orders. At a glance, the Empire's way of doing things seems superior. An organization like the Empire, composed of officers who can think for themselves, obviously seems preferable at first glance. A place where people can do what needs to be done, appropriately and without constant interference from higher-ups over every little thing. It would seem to be the ideal workplace.

The reality, however, is that the latter type of organization is far more robust. And why is that? The answer is simple. Because the latter system allows anyone to fulfill orders to a reasonable degree.

The Empire's style relies on an unspoken agreement among commanders, with results and on-site adjustment evidently relying on every person understanding the role they need to play for the greater goal.

Imagine another unit has been tasked with providing a wine that pairs well with the steak. If the person responsible for providing the steaks has suddenly, in their judgment, decided to switch to a vegetarian menu instead, then ideally, under the Empire's approach, once the person has informed others of the change, the one in charge of providing the wine would, of their own accord, pay special attention to the fining technique used and choose wines that don't use any animal products.

For instance, in response to requests for "an X-year bottle of A," they might decide, Naturally, I will secure Wine A, but even without being told to do so, I will also secure a wine suitable for vegans. The servers and valets would then take similar care. All without anyone needing to give directions. As long as information is shared, each person will be able to make an appropriate judgment.

This is what allows the Imperial Army to turn quickly on a dime... They are highly adaptable to changes in circumstance and, when necessary, can even do the unthinkable and ignore finalized plans. The Empire's strategic planning takes such flexibility for granted.

However, without mutual understanding and confidence of one another and of how each unit will behave under the circumstances, such flexibility is impossible.

In other words, what would such an arrangement look like when they are placed outside their own backyard? Considered in that light... I tremble. With close acquaintances such as Lergen and Uger, it would be one thing, but if told to cooperate with a colonel I know almost nothing about? How am I supposed to figure out how this unknown colonel might act during large-scale maneuvers in enemy territory?

With an interior lines strategy, it might still be doable. Imperial officers have been trained on what to do in almost every eventuality, and I can trust that the others have all undergone identical training. But with this current chaos...?

"Colonel Lergen, that would mean that when it comes to defense plans in the east..."

"It barely needs saying, but yes, we have no shared footing."

Sighs fill the room. In that moment, I understand, whether I like it or not. From a different perspective, the Empire's style of giving orders, which seemed so impressive before, is not suited for total war, where the strain on human resources is too great.

In an organization where all the employees are lifers and have all gotten to know one another well. Where everyone knows how to approach their work, and not only voluntarily throws themselves into their duties but also continues to proactively self-invest. Where long periods of time are spent training new people. Then yes, that would be fine.

An organizational structure such as that, where everyone comes together as one, obviously has its strengths and clear advantages. But as I've said before, war is cruel, and it is always hungry for more human capital.

To take drafted soldiers-who have been made officers only by virtue of graduating from the war college but who are still outsiders and not career men -and incorporate them into such a structure, and to ensure they behave appropriately...

Even someone like Tanya, whose watchword is training, is forced to admit it would be impossible.

Once upon a time, the Empire never dreamed of resorting to part-timers, but it has found itself forced to turn to such soldiers as a last-ditch effort, due to the demands of rapid expansion. Although they assumed they would see the same level of ability and results from these part-timers as from full-time staff, instead, they have found themselves with a limited number of full-time staff cleaning up after their part-time staff, while company conditions grow increasingly worse.

Throwing large volumes of talented staff at a problem is a decent enough solution, but real strength lies in avoiding any such dependency on any individual through talented management. But if a company can't do that? I'm beginning to realize why General Zettour emerged onto the front lines so many times.

"So that was why he showed up directly, despite his age."

Their current organization is one that requires management to fully commit as players on the field! Organization? What a laugh! Scorn drips from my lips.

"So in order to keep objectives clear and simple and prevent confusion among soldiers, administration needs to be sent all the way to the front...? That is awful. That explains all the trouble my troops experienced as guards."

"You're complaining about when I served as the temporary head of the 8th Panzer Division, I assume? I, too, have opinions on that matter."

"For my part, I found it somewhat enjoyable," Uger says, although his smile seems rather bitter. "I come from the Railroad Department, where we're generally in the rear, but it's not just diagrams. Most of the people who work on operations have been plucked for duty out in the field managing the railways. It's quite rough.

"So you see...," he says, casually continuing. "We're in better shape compared with other departments when it comes to losing men, but even the railway builders, who are supposed to be all-important, have encountered the same problems. How much room is left for unspoken agreement at this point? Other departments, I imagine, are in similarly rough shape. Last-ditch efforts to replenish ranks aside."

"Well, when it comes to magic officers, recruitment is almost nonexistent..."

I come very close to complaining about how overworked we are and how rotations have gone to shit, when Lergen intercedes:

"You are unhappy about the lack of new troops. But in many other units, their magic battalions have been reorganized into two companies right now, with one of those two companies chronically short on manpower. The entire army is in the same state. You'll just have to make ends meet."

"The armor divisions in Ildoa seemed strong enough."

"Yes," Lergen says, puffing his cheeks out nostalgically at the mention of Ildoa. In the next moment, however, he shakes his head from side to side.

"Ildoa was an exception. You should assume panzer units are completely barren. Even in exceptional divisions, replenishment of tank regiments is, at best, around sixty percent. I'll say this up front, but any company with a newmodel tank should consider itself extremely lucky. In many cases, the priority is simply on replacing equipment. The prevalence of old models is bad enough,

but the drop in skill levels among tank operators is abysmal."

Terribly threadbare. Lergen and Uger likely mean what they said. But for me, someone who is familiar with another world's history, 60 percent seems far better than anything we could have hoped for. Although, that, of course, is only by comparison.

"Nothing in the cupboards, and nothing in the pantry. It seems the Imperial Army is now just as poor as everyone else," I grumble. I turn toward the ceiling and sigh lightly. "I was under the mistaken assumption that the Imperial Army is blessed when it comes to manpower. I would have never guessed we were already beyond numerical problems and are dealing with quality issues as well... Although, there is a balance to be had with infantry. Maybe I have overestimated the importance of mages. Not that I mean to play favourites."

At this, Lergen waves a hand, likely to assuage my concerns.

"We may be able to produce orbs in factory, but it's not as if we can exactly mass-produce mages."

"True," I say, agreeing.

"It takes about ten years of training. Even if we began mass production now, we know they wouldn't be useful by summer, let alone by next month."

"Usually, it takes twenty years. Even speeding up the process, it would take sixteen."

"I wonder."

"Colonel Degurechaff, Colonel Lergen is once again correct in this regard."

With a sigh, I momentarily lay down my arms.

Lergen seems to say So you see... before speaking up again. "Either way, that is exactly why I want to get an exceptional unit back into the east as quickly as possible. In order to alleviate the burden on General Zettour."

"I understand. Is that all you wished to speak about today?"

"No, I am only getting to the important part. The truth is that I wish to investigate a range of questions related to General Zettour's pullout from the east."

"A range of questions?"

"Yes," Colonel Lergen sighs, as if nurturing a headache. "The 203rd Aerial Mage Battalion reports directly to the General Staff, as does the Salamander Kampfgruppe. A piece on the board that, until now, has been managed directly by General Zettour. When General Zettour was flexing his might in the east, this was not an issue; however..."

Ahh, now I finally understand.

"When it comes to Eastern Command, General Zettour tends to have a short temper. Well, we're giving it our best with General Johan von Laudon, a strict fellow whom General Zettour once called dedicated. But there are plans to switch out senior staff in the future."

A cull? I digest what he has said. Lergen smiles uncomfortably and nods.

"The truth probably isn't far from what you're imagining. It will likely take some time for General Zettour to muscle his way through. But to improve operational efficiency, Colonel Uger will intercede directly in a variety of ways to ensure thing go smoothly when transporting Salamander back to the east."

"Leave it to me, Colonel Degurechaff. I've already prepared transport. I am calling it an experiment, but I have arrangements in place that should allow a single Kampfgruppe to be deployed to the east in about three days' time."

A promise of aid, from specialists in the rear. Of course, I realize, this must have been what they brought her here to discuss. As I'm thinking this, however, I notice that both colonels are wearing somewhat tense expressions on their face.

"I'm sorry, Colonel. Is there something else?"

Finally, Colonel Lergen's expression seems to say. He begins talking once more.

"This is what I really wished to speak to you about... The real effect of General Zettour's removal from the chain of command in the east is highly unknown. Thus, if you find your unit seems to be withering on the vine... if necessary, you may make use of my name."

So that's what this is all about. The real purpose of this nightcap is a thoroughly off-the-books discussion. I ask my own question in response. One that shows I understand.

"As Lergen Kampfgruppe, you mean?"

The answer I receive, however, is unexpected. Today is turning out to be just full of surprises.

"As Colonel Lergen, if necessary. And ex post facto when required. In terms of logistics, you may also impose on Colonel Uger using the General Staff's name. We should be able to more or less square accounts in that regard."

"Unless I've misunderstood you, you are giving me carte blanche to launder your name and interfere directly in logistics."

Can it be? Is this real?

I turn a questioning look Lergen's way but am met with an expression of apparent resolve. The confidence surfacing in Lergen's face, however, only lasts a moment.

"Just don't go burning Moskva again! Or well, maybe it would be better if you did. I don't know. At the very least, try to mention it to me first?"

"Don't count on it. Not in this half century, at least."

My response is greeted with laughter. Strange, he must have thought I was joking. I'm not sure what is supposed to be so funny about it, though. Maybe it can be chalked up to a difference in culture and world views.

Sometimes, people don't see eye to eye, but that is just a part of being human.

"Excuse me for interrupting, Colonel Lergen, but might my lines of communication as a railroad man be acceptable?" Colonel Uger says, with an expression on his face that suggests he is worried he is being too forward. Colonel Lergen, however, sighs and shakes his head.

"We're always hungry for information from the ground. In particular, accurate information. As a clear deviation, there will be trouble... but internally, only a direct line to General Zettour can be secured. First and foremost, we want to get information out to General Zettour, out on the ground, as quickly as possible. All the more so, with the situation in the east so dangerous."

"Understood," I say, before continuing. "To be honest, however, isn't it a bit early to redeploy to the east? Salamander Kampfgruppe is accustomed to being overused, but we've already reached the point where I am getting notices from Personnel cautioning me to not use leave."

"When was this?"

"Just now, I picked one up in the General Staff mail room."

"Do you have it on you now?"

"Yes, here it is."

Lergen, most inner of the inner elite, takes the outstretched piece of paper and begins scribbling on it.

"Full exemption granted due to operational necessity. By order of the Service Corps of the General Staff Office.

"There you go," he says, as he begins to hand the notice back to me. His hand, however, freezes partway, and he passes the paper to Uger instead.

"Colonel Uger, would you handle this?"

"Yes. I shall explain as well. Worry not, Colonel Degurechaff, you can count on me."

"You both have my gratitude, I'm sure."

Although, if you really want to help, how about a little time off instead?! At least, that's what I think in the back of my mind.

## JANUARY 3, UNIFIED YEAR 1928, MOSKVA / SUPREME HIGH COMMAND

Exterior aside, the inside of the building was surprisingly practical. The room was so dominated by pragmatism that, were one accustomed to socialist realism, it might feel like a different dimension.

A glance at the faces of the men seated in the room, meanwhile, would have been stunning.

The small group gathered in that meeting room, which was located in the inner depths of the headquarters, was made up of generals, party elite, and even the general secretary and members of Internal Affairs-all models of nononsense dedication. Even the salutations of the officers were simple and utterly practical.

There was nothing laid-back about their attitudes, however.

"It is the appointed time, so let us begin," the moderator said nervously, punctual down to the second. Although he remained calm and kept his voice level as he made eye contact with the general secretary, his stiffly controlled posture was the product of great effort and artifice.

The moderator was far from alone in that regard.

"Today's agenda concerns strategic objectives for Operation Rising Dawn."

The proceedings were now in the military's hands. Without hesitation, one of the gathered generals, a man of late middle age who was there to share their proposals, stood up and began speaking.

"As requested by the party, the military has prepared two plans, one that is certain to be successful and one geared toward decisively winning the war. We are prepared to proceed with either."

This man, General Kutuz, possessed a distinctive manner that had avoided earning him any ill will, even during the storm of purges that had battered the military. Strict and capable, General Kutuz did not believe in attempting things that did not make sense. Though talented, he had protected his position as a veteran general by remaining largely nameless. In other words, he had long been seen as a harmless fixture.

At the moment, however, General Kutuz was the man behind the planning of the Federation's strategic offensive, Rising Dawn, and he was advocating for a militarily rational solution rather than any grand displays of genius.

"Thank you, Comrade Kutuz. The question, then, is whether our objective in Operation Rising Dawn should be for two hundred kilometers or six hundred kilometers," the general secretary said, folding his arms. The assembled military men and party elites were there today to make up their minds on that difficult question.

"And there's no point in attempting a compromise?"

"Correct," Kutuz said, adopting an apologetic manner as he spoke.

"I, too, understand the desire to push the enemy back a bit farther if possible, and I would have also liked to aim for a compromise, but there are too many difficulties... A compromise would be akin to herding cats."

Despite being a military specialist speaking to nonspecialists, Kutuz's answer was both extremely polite and perfectly serious. To put it in other words, General Kutuz completely lacked the arrogant and condescending attitude so common to specialists. Regardless of who was talking, even when opposed, the general's personality was prone to see this not as opposition but rather an opportunity to consult. A virtue that life had taught him.

"At two hundred kilometers, we should be able to strike and cross the stone bridge. It is very likely that our army would smash the Empire's defensive line while also blunting their spears and suffering comparatively few losses ourselves."

It was a simple and clear plan. The others nodded in understanding as they stared at the map. It involved advancing along a 100-kilometer front and seizing 200 kilometers of ground, dealing the Imperial Army a heavy blow.

A straight push, without any of the tricks General Zettour was so known for, meant to teach the enemy a lesson and drive them back. The argument for this approach was clear. Through the appropriate combination of fundamentally mundane and easy-to-understand parts, General Kutuz ensured that the party members and key players would grasp the plan without backlash.

Though the steps were individually mundane and underwhelming, when taken collectively, they could easily shake the world. A simple, straightforward, and by-the-book plan. In other words, powerful when done right.

At the same time, it was unfortunately also the type of proposal likely to attract criticism from those expecting more after so much preparation. Hence why an alternative plan had also been arranged, one focused on pushing the limits. A grasping final plan to end the war with a single blow.

"At six hundred kilometers, we would aim for the best possible outcome and attempt to entirely decimate the Imperial Army's main fighting force."

General Kutuz's style of speaking was professional in manner, but free from enigma and obfuscation.

"The envisioned advance, six hundred kilometers, is quite long, but even this is a preliminary supposition at most. It is the minimum distance that we estimate would be necessary when prioritizing pursuit and damaging of defensive lines. If the Imperial Army is able to retreat more swiftly, emphasizing attacking the enemy's main fighting force-with an advance of more than six hundred kilometers-could also be on the table."

Repeatedly turning over what needed to be done, what was expected, and what options had been explored in this manner might be circuitous. However, it was perhaps just what was called for in order to get everyone to reach an agreement.

"Whether two hundred kilometers or six hundred kilometers, the initial steps of the plan remain the same. First, we attack along a front of at least one hundred kilometers. Within that area of operations, the initial goal is to destroy the better part of the enemy's defensive lines through a concentrated deployment of artillery and air assets. Preparations for this have already been completed."

Meticulous planned fires. As the attackers holding the initiative, they had the freedom to choose when and where to strike the Imperial Army. The Federation Army had been slowly and stealthily camouflaging its intentions, stockpiling supplies and making preparations, and marshalling its forces to secure local superiority.

As an abstraction, consider some hypothetical numbers. In the case of 100 vs 120, it would be difficult to say that 120 had a clear superiority. But if 90 of the enemy was locked down by 90 friendly troops while the remaining 10 were attacked by 30, the effect would be overwhelming. Achieving something this decisive might be difficult, but the basic principle was self-explanatory.

General Kutuz continued to lay out the details of the plan simply, without resorting to any difficult calculations.

"If we are only pushing the front forward by two hundred kilometers, the operation will conclude after the first stage for all intents and purposes. We should be able to push the enemy out simply by pummelling them with artillery and sending mechanized units forward. However, some of the enemies remaining troops are likely to retreat. As a result, the enemy will be able to reform their defensive line and, although weaker than before, will likely take steps to bolster their defences."

If things went well, they would be able to whittle down the Empire's numbers during the pursuit. They might be able to make it 80 vs 120, or even 70 vs 120. However, the 120 would also suffer losses. But 90 vs 110 would still be slightly advantageous. And 80 vs 110 or 70 vs 110 would not be bad, either. But they would not be able to eliminate the enemy entirely.

"In the event that we send our army into enemy territory in a fully committed attack to destroy them decisively, we would have to move on to stage two, in which we expect we would have to advance at least six hundred kilometers. In this event, once the initial first stage is completed, our vanguard will need to advance aggressively. In other words, we will need to commit to a nonstop attack. Entertaining the Empire's stronghold tactics would likely be futile. Laying direct siege to isolated outposts will instead be the work of trailing forces, which will follow in the wake of the first echelon."

In other words, a wave attack. Inundate the enemy. Such overwhelming force would require 30 behind for every 30 in front, but the Federation Army had already calculated the necessary numbers.

Meaning 30 of the Federation to strike at 10 of the Empire. And if the first wave came to a stop, another 30 fresh soldiers would be waiting to take their place and punch through the enemy's already beleaguered defensive line. Any remaining pockets of resistance would be surrounded by other units. In other words, 90 would continue to hold down 90.

The truth was that it was a very straightforward calculation: 100 vs 120 plus 30; 90 vs 90 for a stalemate; and 10 vs 30 plus 30 to sustain the push.

Putting aside the specifics of how many divisions could be deployed or the Empire's own defensive strength, multiple echelons were what allowed for such an excessive fighting style. It all came down to numbers.

"In any case...," General Kutuz continued. "If any Imperial units decide to hunker down and defend isolated outposts, we should let them. Our first wave will simply continue to advance along the hundred-kilometer front. When the wave hits, they will be like towering castles of sand."

While 90 continued to hold 90, the remaining forces would arrive to lay devastation in its wake.

Real waves eventually receded. A military wave, however, could continue to drive forward in a torrent. Enemy soldiers, holed up in their sandcastles, would be swallowed up in enemy territory. They would find themselves quickly surrounded. And once they began to run out of ammunition, fuel, and food, the fighting strength of that 90 would begin to dwindle.

Even if their strength only fell by 10 percent, it would already put them at 81 vs 90.

Of course, the Federation's own attacking force would lose strength in much the same way. But those concerns had already been incorporated into their plans.

"Naturally, between fuel, gunpowder, and human fatigue, the first echelon will inevitably lose momentum at some point. That is unavoidable. Such exhaustion could give the enemy time to rebuild their defensive line. With reserves in place, however, they will never get the chance."

If the strength of the advancing troops was only 30, the enemy might be able to muster their troops to some degree and attempt to smash the breakthrough force before their encircled 90 could be worn down. That, or rebuild their defensive line.

But with another fresh 30 to continue the charge as soon as soon as the offensive momentum of the first echelon dried up, plus the 90 already pinning the enemy in place?

"With the reserves surrounding the enemy's isolated outposts, not even the Empire's stronghold tactics will be able to hold out forever. While the main force is advancing, I believe we should lock them in and let them hunker down all they like to be easily picked off at a later occasion."

Maneuver and restrain. That was the long and short of the plan. No novel stratagems or other fantastic contrivances. Just the understandable outcome of mundane, down-to-earth, plodding efforts.

"The advantage of having a second echelon of identical scale to replace the first once the first comes to a halt is naturally the ability to sustain the offensive. Once the Imperial Army believes it has stopped the first echelon and begins to rebuild its defensive line, we will crush them with the second echelon. And once the second echelon is on the verge of reaching its limits, the now refreshed and resupplied first echelon will advance once more. This is how we will achieve the second-stage objectives."

Obviously, the geniuses among them would probably itch for more. Something more adroit and efficient. This approach, however, while very demanding in terms of manpower, had the benefit of being easy to pull off. Even by those without, to put it bluntly, any genius.

When it came to accomplishing things steadily and beneath notice, General Kutuz was a master who could not be easily replaced. After all, he had been able to take a complicated military strategy and, through syntax that brought them all together onto the same page, thoroughly dissipate the tension between the government and the military.

The general's presence was significant. If the Empire's resident Lieutenant Colonel Tanya von Degurechaff, for instance, was to learn of General Kutuz's activities, she would have likely plotted an assassination or schemed to bring him down through slander and other devious tricks.

"Seizing territory is secondary. Our main focus should be on completely eliminating the Imperial Army's field army. If we can succeed, it will help achieve the party's goal of ending this Great War with a single decisive blow. At the very least, taking these six hundred kilometers will ensure the Imperial Army is unable to reorganize and allow us to wipe the slate clean, including any supporting organizations. But this will take every ounce of our strength. In other words..."

So far, the specialist had been the one delivering this laborious explanation. The general secretary himself, however, now spoke up to deliver the conclusion.

"There is no room for error. In the worst-case scenario, you're saying that even one mistake could lead to our collapse."

"That's correct," General Kutuz confirmed, nodding in response. Although a look of pleasure appeared on the general's face now that he was certain he had communicated everything clearly, there was not even a whiff of ingratiation in his expression.

Loria, watching from the side, couldn't help but recognize the advantage. But he still interrupted, understanding that the humble general was not the type to say unnecessary things unless directly asked.

"Excuse me, Comrade General. If I may."

"Yes, Comrade Commissar for Internal Affairs. What is it?"

"Are you saying that we will need to commit everything, even our strategic reserves, to this supposed six-hundred-kilometer area? And even then, success is not assured?"

"Yes," General Kutuz said, confirming once again.

Can't was a word that many people had trouble saying. The ready ease with which the general could say, We will try, but we cannot guarantee, was no small thing.

"Adding to Comrade Loria's question, would two hundred kilometers be successful?" the general secretary asked. General Kutuz responded once again with similar ease.

"With two hundred kilometers, failure is not possible. We would carve through the Imperial defensive line with artillery, rebuffing the Imperial Army's counterattack and applying pressure."

It was a forceful push with no particular stratagem. A no-frills steamroller approach. The implications were short and concise, allowing the general secretary to sum the situation up plainly.

"In other words, it would simply be one large attack and would not be particularly decisive in terms of ending the war. The decision is difficult. Two hundred or six hundred kilometers. It is very much like comparing a short-and a long-distance race. I understand there is no compromise available, but..."

Here, the leader of the Federation leveled a question that revealed his political itch for a striking victory.

"... what can we do to ensure victory with the six-hundred-kilometer plan?"

"Well, the certainty of the six-hundred-kilometer plan rests entirely on doing everything we can and concentrating enough manpower to ensure that the advance never stops."

"Yes, comrade, you've stressed that several times, but what of it?" General Kutuz nodded slowly.

"You see, if our frontline units pause for even a moment, it will give the enemy time to regain their footing. Naturally, our plan is to have a second echelon waiting for the exact moment the first echelon stops-at which point, we will send them forward to take the first echelon's place. However, if we are even slightly delayed and the enemy is able to recover its defensive footing-"

"Someone like General Zettour needs to be strategically crushed, so it might be better if we avoid any possibility of playing into his hand."

General Kutuz nodded once more and began speaking again, his tone of voice affirmative.

"I believe that to be the key point. Whether or not there are reserve forces available to maintain the offensive, in the event that things go awry, it could significantly impact not only operational tempo but also our chances of success."

"Understood," the Federation leader said gravely.

"If we could prepare a third echelon for such an event, though, the situation would be different."

The room filled with confusion at this unexpected response. The Federation was already squeezed tightly. From where were they supposed to come up with even more?

"If... such a thing could be managed."

The regrettable tone in General Kutuz's voice spoke volumes. While no one present said it, they all understand immediately how difficult it would be to prepare a force that the general would consider unassailable.

It had been so hard to keep their composure when those upstarts from the new world had come around, prattling about "joining the war." "Well, well, isn't this a fine mess? We'll be needing equipment ourselves now. And of course, large quantities of weapons, ammunition, and equipment will be required to rearm the Ildoan Army. What a mess, indeed. Plus, there's the dire food situation in southern Ildoa, so really, there's not even enough room in the ships. Looking at the whole situation, top-down, the constraints on distribution and supply are pretty severe. I'm afraid we're going to have to do away with lendleasing to the Federation..."

Damn that Zettour. Everyone agreed it was good that the son of a bitch was out of their faces now, but he was hurting their efforts even when he was maneuvering in other countries. The man was like a plague, causing trouble no matter where he went.

Seeing that the moderator was not able to turn things around, Loria decided to raise his hand and share his own opinion.

"The majority of what we can muster up under present conditions has already long been committed to Operation Rising Dawn. It is inconvenient that the capitalists, unlike us, cannot pull their weight, but it is unsurprising."

Indeed. Seeing that the room was now warmed up, Loria turned to the higher-ups for their judgment.

"This is a political question. At two hundred kilometers, victory is assured, yes, but if were we to make similar preparations, could something like this be easily done a second time?"

"A good point, Comrade Loria. Excuse me, Comrade Kutuz, but if we wished to conduct another offensive at the same scale, it would take a considerable amount of time, I presume?"

"Yes, it is just as you say. Unfortunately, regarding how much time it would take to gather reserves for something of similar scale and muster up this much manpower without the Imperial Army catching wind, I cannot provide an answer on the spot..."

"An approximate estimate is fine, comrade. A rough number, for argument's sake. How many months would be required for a strategy of similar scale?"

At the general secretary's urging, General Kutuz seemed to think for a moment before answering:

"For two hundred kilometers, it would likely take about three months. However, if we hit a setback with six hundred kilometers, I'm afraid we could be stuck in place for more than six months at the least. Even if we succeeded, there is still the possibility that we might have difficulty moving due to the losses we would suffer."

The general secretary grunted as he began to think. As he fell silent, so did the rest of the room.

However, worried that this pulling back, this shrinking in fear, could arouse notions among their highly suspicious leader... Loria decided to purposely stir up the room.

"Comrade General, may I ask one more thing? These are just the thoughts of an amateur, but... expanding the plan to include a third echelon would be difficult, correct?"

In response to Loria's questions, General Kutuz almost looked relieved. He answered in the negative, with a clarity he had yet to express. His expression was purely professional.

"Quite a great many units have already been squeezed to their limit. And with the need for the mechanization of the first and second echelons, the need for a certain amount of skill is also a significant concern..."

"Would we really need to go that far? We don't know if we would even need to use the third echelon."

Was the general not being too cautious? However, despite his reputation for being a people pleaser, as a professional man of the military, General Kutuz never made empty promises.

"Unfortunately, thorough preparation would be necessary. The Imperial Army excels at artifice and stopgaps. In particular, the twenty-some divisions General Zettour has set aside as a strategic reserve are a challenge. If those forces are brought to bear and concentrated, it is a very real danger that our breakthrough force could be cut off and encircled. I heard there had been an extended deployment in Ildoa-"

-but against that charlatan. The end of General Kutuz's sentence was cut off before he could finish, intercepted by the general secretary, a grin on his face.

"Regarding that... Comrade Loria, please explain."

"Of course," Loria said, nodding, as he began to share his latest intelligence with General Kutuz. Information he had shared with the general secretary only moments ago.

"Our marvellous friend has exposed the Imperial Army's whereabouts," Loria boasted. The hands, feet, and ears of the secret police have done well. Whatone can accomplish when one is secretly in love!

"Regarding the Imperial Army's panzer divisions, most will be wintering in Ildoa. The earliest they expect to move east is after two months. A portion have already begun to uproot themselves, but it seems that provisioning, resting, and retraining will not go swiftly."

"I see," General Kutuz said, seemingly impressed... All the same, the general was a veteran. He appeared to think for a moment, a look of confusion on his face. After a brief pause, he posed his own question for Loria gingerly but clearly.

"Looking at it another way, then, is there not a risk that, just as we are overextended due to our offensive and reach our operational limits, the Imperial Army could send in several fresh panzer divisions?"

Kutuz's concern was that they might be subjected to a painful counterattack right when they could least afford it. It was a fairly mundane concern, which made it all the more understandable.

Loria smiled. "Do not worry on that account. Regarding the two-month estimate, replenishment of the Imperial Army's panzer divisions is unlikely to proceed so fast. According to intelligence reports, the Empire's panzer divisions have been chronically short on men. They are currently at less than fiftypercent strength, and the replenishment rate is just barely putting them at seventy percent."

Although, Loria's real thoughts on the matter was that it was a mystery how, no matter how many times they fought, they kept getting led around by the nose by an enemy with such limited fighting force. He had another thought as well, though. With his current intelligence on the Empire, which showed that they were barely making ends meet, if the Federation could overwhelm the Empire through an operation like Rising Dawn, it would immediately put them in checkmate.

Most importantly, Loria had gotten his hands on a major secret.

"Comrade Loria, perhaps you should explain the other item as well."

Loria glanced toward the general secretary for confirmation and received a nod.

"After repeated clashes with our army, General Zettour likely assumes we are in no condition to stage a winter offensive. He seems to reason that if we were being deceptive, we would have struck in Ildoa."

Loria flashed a reassuring smile at the look of astonishment that appeared on General Kutuz's face.

"So you see, Comrade General, your concerns are diligent. But as you've just heard, Zettour will not be anywhere near the eastern front. And the likelihood that our attack will enjoy the element of surprise is high."

"But the Imperial Army was pressed in August of last year as well, to the point where it seemed like General Zettour would need a miracle. They will stop at nothing when cornered. Imperial decapitation tactics pose the greatest danger. And most importantly, General Zettour is particularly skilled in calculating backward from logistical needs. Such things come almost secondhand for a man like that, and lines of supply and communication can be a weakness even for very large armies."

Loria's eyes widened. A direct counterargument from General Kutuz was rare. He almost never refuted someone this firmly to their face. Moreover, it was unusual for anyone to disagree with Loria, save the general secretary himself. Rarity upon rarity. The general must have felt strongly about this.

Loria waited for him to continue. General Kutuz voiced further concerns, his expression absolutely professional.

"In the worst-case scenario, the enemy could capture our logistics bases." Hmm? Loria's face was a mask of curiosity.

"I'm sorry, but aren't you worrying too much again, Comrade General? What exactly is it you envisage happening?"

"The strongest risk is an airborne assault. The Imperial Army is adept at striking deep with long-range decapitation attacks. We should be worried about their strategic reach."

"Now that you mention it, the Empire performed something similar before. But we've developed countermeasures, haven't we?"

"Yes, countermeasures are in place. But they are only equipped to deal with what we've seen before. We've accounted for a regiment of airborne mages, but if more than that should show up-"

"Comrade Kutuz, the Empire has, at most, two divisions of mages deployed to the eastern front. Their numbers are lacking to boot. Do you really believe they can afford to scrape together a fresh regiment?"

"There is always the fog of war. Even if the information obtained is complete, it is only complete at the time it is acquired, correct?"

Hmph. Loria's shoulders relaxed. On that point, at least, they had no need to worry.

"I understand. It is natural for you to worry, as I cannot fully explain our intelligence-gathering capabilities. However, rest easy. I know everything down to the brand of wine that General Zettour drank at the Empire's New Year's banquet."

"And the Imperial Army's movements-"

"Are under full surveillance. Even their parade grounds are under close watch. As for the force you were referring to... What are they called, the Salamander Kampfgruppe? I've already ascertained that they have returned to the Imperial capital from Ildoa."

"I see, I see," General Kutuz said, nodding readily, but then his face suddenly grew tense. After a moment, he turned with a look of agony on his face and gave voice to the dreadful thought that seemed to have risen in his chest.

"And if they return to the east at this time?"

"General Zettour is formidable, it is true. Quick on his feet and prepared for anything. In many ways, he deserves praise."

As a hunter of love, the timing could not be better for Loria.

"All the same, those Salamanders are only a single unit. No more, no less."

Regardless, Loria did not take his work lightly. And hunting that little fairy was his destiny. In that very moment, Loria made the decision to work toward achieving final victory, and final victory alone.

"Six hundred kilometers it is, then."

As the general secretary himself made up his mind, the entire Federation fell into lockstep, springing into action like a well-lubricated precision machine. There was a buzz as the specialists in each department began barking out necessary work orders, covering everything down to the smallest detail.

"What kind of equipment? New models?"

"Tanks, fighter planes, and computation orbs, all of similar quality to those in the Empire."

"There is one issue. The new equipment is strong, but maturation takes time. Even some of our elite units will still be using existing equipment at the end of the day. Don't expect newly equipped units to live up to what's written on paper."

The Federation were excellent at getting all their ducks in a row. It was the execution, after all, that was their sticking point.

## JANUARY 2, UNIFIED YEAR 1928, EVENING, IMPERIAL CAPITAL

After leaving the General Staff Office and returning to her own dormitory, Tanya quickly takes command back from her second-in-command, who was left in charge in her absence.

The beginning of the year is always a busy time, and the tasks have already piled up while we were in Ildoa, so the soldiers are busy. Even contriving as best we can, we can only manage alternating holidays for the core combat unit officers. Of course, a majority of the miscellaneous work has been taken care of, so people are mostly engaged in small talk, waiting for their relief.

"Let's see... the latest models of tanks, assault guns, tank destroyers, and just for good measure, the newest model of computation orbs."

As I inspect the list of new equipment included in the document received from Major Weiss, I emit a heavy sigh despite my subordinate's presence.

"They must think they can turn the tide with new weapons..."

Understandable or not, this feeling of hopelessness is difficult to shake.

When playing matchup, new weapons seem like an easy remedy. But a solid foundation is required for effective implementation of such weapons, meaning these remedies only apply when one already has the strategic footing for the likes of new weapons to be sufficient.

Nuclear weapons may be powerful, but the entire world cannot be subjugated with a single atomic blast. The world only fears nuclear attacks when the military strength to effectively exploit them exists.

"Colonel?"

"Have you seen this, Weiss? All garbage."

"The specs seem pretty impressive to me."

"The specs?" I answer bluntly, exasperated at Weiss's typical reply. "The new tanks have all the suspension of a thoroughbred, and the Jagdpanzers are as large as an elephant. The only interesting thing among the lot is the assault guns... and even those will only be useful against pillboxes. Do you think we'll be attacking any enemy pillboxes soon?"

To put it in other terms, the mechanical reliability of the new tanks is catastrophically dubious. And reliability aside, the new Jagdpanzers are far too heavy. The one piece of equipment that catches my eye is the new-model assault guns, which would give us some respectable firepower on the front lines... but considering the type of battles we'll most likely be fighting, they are, practically speaking, a ridiculous waste of money.

They've got the funds to create new weapons. If only they had the brains to create reliable ones.

"As for the orbs..."

"I didn't think they were that bad."

" Junk doesn't even begin to cover it," I declare. "Development of nextgeneration orbs is going poorly, but the rest of the army doesn't have the skill to use Type 95s. In which case, the idea of using a high-low mix of Type 105 Defense Computation Orbs and Type 97 Assault Computation Orbs makes sense... But this?"

I shake my head in disgust.

"The issue is the 105s are no good."

"I don't know, Colonel. Having picked one up, the performance kind of reminded me of the ones we used for advanced training."

"As they should, Major. The 105s are based on the orbs we used for prewar training. Since they were just meant for drills, the defensive shells were the one thing they had going for them."

To put it bluntly, they're sending sparring equipment into the field. Trying to force armaments into a practice tool will just leave it bulky and heavy and wind up interfering with mobility.

"If they had aimed for an easy-to-use skirmish unit, that would have been something, but by focusing too much on defense, they've sacrificed speed, maneuverability, altitude, and even flexibility in deployment options."

"It sounds like we would have been better just copying the orbs we captured from the Federation."

"I thought the same thing. I've even heard that opinion from someone else's lips. They're durable and boast exceptional firepower. Isn't that enough?"

"And what did the higher-ups say about that?"

"Apparently, they can't make them."

"Huh? Sorry, but I didn't think Federation orbs were that advanced...?"

"No, not advanced," I say, waving my hand. "The bottleneck is raw materials. Currently, even supplies for Type 97 production are shakier than we would like. The engineers at Elinium Arms can be flaky, but from what I could tell, getting the materials to create robust Federation-style orbs is not possible in the Empire right now."

"Incredible...," Major Weiss says, speechless. A very understandable response.

"Up until now, whether with the Type 95 or Type 97, our side has been obsessed with capabilities. It's nice to see them finally paying some attention to manufacturability, but they could have started before our pockets were already empty."

Cost cuts are always good, especially when it comes to unnecessary expenses. But cutting the fat because you've gone on a diet and wasting away because you're starving are two different things.

"I wouldn't want to use the Type 105 in actual combat. Not even for our unit."

"Even our unit? Is it that bad...?"

"Major Weiss, imagine you encounter a company's worth of Federation mages while equipped with the 105. Do you think we'd be able to take them head-on with the same number of troops? Without the mobility or even firepower of a mass-produced general-purpose orb, and when your defensive shell will be able to resist maybe one shot, if you're lucky?"

Major Weiss folds his arms and thinks before coming to the same conclusion.

"Even a battalion like ours might only just barely be able to handle them with superior coordination..."

"I'm almost tempted to submit a formal opinion. I'll tell them to issue a 105 battalion live rounds and give me blanks. Then they can watch me still kill them all on my own. By the way, it should go without saying, but Type 95s are off the table. Type 97s will just have to do. At least they can manage decent speed and altitude..."

Numbers are important, but without a minimum threshold of quality, is it even worth counting them? It is a tough reality to face, but there is no point burying our heads in the sand.

"What if we went back to the starting point with mages?"

"The starting point?"

Interest piqued, I wait for Weiss to say more.

"What about ground infantry mages? We learned it back in my department at the academy, but... mages were originally conceived of as ground infantry."

"I didn't know you were a fan of ancient history," I say, rolling my eyes but nodding as well. "Though, maybe that is the final destination we're already bound for."

Instead of taking mages who could barely fly and turning them into glorified target practice, what if we have them crawl along the ground instead? In theory, they could dig in like ticks and become major obstacles.

Wait. With the current state of military technology...

"Hold on, Major. What about their mana signatures? As infantry, they might be slightly more durable, but given current technology, they would be very easy to detect."

"Ah, I forgot about that. I guess they wouldn't be very practical as things stand now."

"As infantry, they'd obviously be even lower altitude than low-flying troops. They probably wouldn't set off sensors until fairly close, but still..."

In light of the Type 105's performance limitations, Weiss agrees as well.

"As long as we're sticking to orbs, I guess a Type 105 magical barricade is out of the question."

"Why do they need to be mages in the first place? Might as well just stick with ordinary infantry."

Despite these being my own words, I only understand them as they leave my mouth. This is like the naval abandonment of surface-combat ships. When naval forces choose to focus all their strength on tactical nuclear submarines, it couldn't even truly be called a matter of selection and concentration. Surface ships are abandoned as a matter of natural selection. The fact that there is no other path is self-evident. In reality, it's the only way.

Freaked out by the implications, I quickly try to brush that idea under the rug. "Forgive me, Major. Don't mind my grumbling."

"Well, it was a natural reaction to seeing the kind of new equipment they're sending, I guess..."

"Although, when it comes to drill orbs for new recruits, I can appreciate the impulse to max out their defense capabilities. Too bad we can't have a compromise between the 97s and the 105s. Something easy to use but with excellent survivability."

I suddenly realize my second-in-command is staring at me with a strange sort of determination on his face.

"What is it, Major?"

Some sort of criticism? But no, my fears prove to be mistaken.

"If it isn't too much trouble, with your assistance, Colonel, I would like to submit an opinion of my own to the Elinium Arms Factory."

Say what? But why? Before I can stop myself, a look of confusion plasters itself across my face.

"Is that necessary?" I ask in response. "I mean, if it is, I don't mind, but can't you submit a report without going through me? I'm not interested in controlling each and every idea of the people under my command. Really, I thought you would have already known this."

"It's more about feeling things out on our end..."

Of course. I understand Major Weiss's intentions now. He wants to toss out an idea that he hasn't fully worked out himself yet. Proposing ideas like that can be difficult.

Even when it comes to the most brilliant and inspiring ideas, sometimes, there is still too much chaff mixed in with the wheat. It is rare for such ideas to be welcomed by the specialists working in research and development. Weiss is likely hoping to bank on my connections to avoid being turned away at the gate.

"I don't mind, but I'll need to hear the idea myself before passing it along. But if I hear and recommend it, it may come off slightly as something I am putting forward. It is your idea, Major. If you really think it is a good one, you should go through the proper channels."

"If possible, I would rather borrow your name and knowledge, Colonel. My idea was, what if we equip everyone who has at least some drop of magical aptitude with a simplified version of the Type 105s...? What do you think? So the magical signature could work instead as... well, a decoy."

"You mean, to overload the detection net!"

Weiss seems pleased with himself.

"Exactly. If we could create momentary confusion-in a way that is similar but different to the way signatures become temporarily difficult to detect during spatial explosion formulas-more elite units equipped with Type 97s could use the opportunity to launch a surprise attack."

A diversion, and a surprise. A standard approach, but still. I lift my head.

"That's a very interesting idea! But the mana signatures in question are too different. It would probably work at first, but after repeated attempts, won't they notice the difference?"

"You think they'd just detect it anyway?"

"No, it's worth giving it a try. Let's test it out right now."

"Now? But it's already evening."

"So? Let's call it practical training for low-visibility conditions. Come on, let's get started."

While her second-in-command is still standing around with a look of bewilderment on his face, Tanya jumps into action. Got to strike while the iron is hot!

"It wouldn't be very kind to cancel the whole squad's leave, but a lot of us are free already with the New Year. We'll gather any officers on standby. Major, I'll leave that up to you."

"Wh... what will you do, Lieutenant Colonel?"

"Me? I'll approach Colonel Uger and arrange for the necessary number of Type 105s and infantry. Wait. It would probably be faster to just rope in those already training on the 105s."

Rather than combing through infantry for those with magical aptitude and forming an experimental squad, it would surely be faster to utilize what we have on hand. After all, 105-equipped greenhorns are in the capital right now.

Although, considering the season, those greenhorns are probably on leave at the moment as well... but this is no time for coddling! I've made up my mind. Time to kick some dirt on their little holiday.

"It's early in the new year, so they'll probably hate me for it... but time is money! Such is life!"

Obviously, I don't want to do it. It isn't by choice. After all, Tanya is supposed to be a cultured citizen. A person of civilization, committed to fully respecting the rights of others. But when necessity calls, Tanya is unshakable. Free pass in hand from the General Staff, Tanya sounds the trumpet on the capital. Early in the year or not.

It's January 2, meaning the three-day holiday period isn't even over yet. A sudden call to duty, in the evening, at a time like this, is certainly a lot to ask, but the army is a demanding mistress. The veteran mages, well used to this kind of treatment, soon arrive, their faces showing resignation-along with trainees, who seem out of sorts at being pulled from their leave, with open confusion on their faces.

From there, a mage platoon formed from officers in charge of training, and a battalion-sized sample group formed from untrained candidates, is cobbled together and plopped onto the muddy New Year's training grounds. The results of the demonstration test, carried out by the similarly scraped-together volunteer officers from the Salamander Kampfgruppe's 203rd Aerial Mage Battalion, prove to be decisive.

First Lieutenant Wüstemann, while somewhat perplexed, shares his own confused impression of events.

"In terms of scale, I thought it was two companies of mages at first... but the distribution of signatures was strange. Based on experience, I thought maybe there was just some camouflage or diversion happening."

First Lieutenant Grantz, meanwhile, is completely stunned. He explains that he detected the appropriate scale and was more focused on morale.

"In terms of scale, I thought it was a battalion. But not one that was particularly fearsome."

Spoken like a true veteran.

Questioned last, First Lieutenant Serebryakov gives a response that's the most interesting. She seems to have taken several notes while suspended in the air. After some hesitation, she begins speaking carefully.

"Hmm. I'm not really sure if they're there or not."

"You're not sure?"

"Numbers-wise, it seemed like there's less than a platoon, maybe a squad. These are worrying. But the others might actually be mages as well. Or maybe they're not. It's weird that it's hard to tell."

Well, well. This is an eye-opening response for Tanya and Weiss. But taken together, the result is clear.

"Even the officers in our own battalion are unsure at first, it seems. This is excellent, Major Weiss. The idea alone deserves a medal."

I smack Weiss on the lower back with a look of satisfaction on my face.

"Is it really that good?"

"Handled right, this could be another clever trick up General Zettour's sleeve. Expect a bonus in the near future! You'll need to write a report and send it up the chain, though! Everyone else, dismissed. Get back to work!"

What a find, I think with a laugh, but a more sober part of me sneers at it as simply more desperate tactical chicken scratch on our part. Yes, Major Weiss has done well. And Tanya arranged it all properly. Just as is expected of those of us on the ground. But can workers in the field be expected to solve all of an organization's problems? Obviously not.

If something that ridiculous were possible, management would just be deadweight. The reality is that when management fails to solve a problem, more often than not, everyone else sinks with them.

It should be obvious, but the people working on-site can't cover for mistakes made at the strategic level forever. As nice as the phrase grassroots innovation sounds, the correct approach is to always keep numbers up and exercise one's military power from a position of decisively superior strength.

Back on the Rhine front, I still believed reports such could change things. When we had a Dunkirk pulled on us, I could feel victory slip through our fingers. But during Operation Iron Hammer, in that moment, I clung to possibility once again.

I have long since passed my limit.

What of the campaign in Ildoa? And now we're going to be dispatched to the east again so soon. What have I really accomplished?

Maybe it's time to change jobs. Diligence and toil do not a promising career path make. It's more than just a matter of declining industries. What a massive opportunity cost.

Hmm? With a sigh, I finally realize that my subordinates are still there.

"Umm, Colonel...?"

"What is it, First Lieutenant Grantz?"

Is there something else? The first lieutenant's expression seems reluctant but also resigned. With a look of courage, he begins to speak.

"We just had our leaves cancelled. Do we really have to start on the report now and prepare all the documents to submit to the General Staff?"

"Of course," I say, nodding mercilessly. "Major Weiss has done us the service of coming up with this marvellous idea, and so early in the year. Unfortunately, there is little time left before our redeployment to the east. It's now or never."

"But... what about our half leave for New Year's?"

My underlings look as if they are about to cry. Oh, their poor leave! They were probably expecting to get at least a little rest until the third... but these are officers!

Resting when one gets the chance is part of an officer's job, true, but when it comes to the accursed scourge of deadlines, there is no stopping the inexorable hands of the clock.

"Hmph, rest when you're finished. We start our march back to the east on the evening of the third. As long as you're back by departure time, you may even leave the capital if you like."

Behold, the glory that is discretionary labor! Beautiful words to an employer's ears. Although, someone in middle management like Tanya has their own complaints on that front. There is no end to the amount of work placed in her lap by wicked slave drivers such as General Zettour.

Still, the system must be fair to all.

Is it really fair to not only cancel their leave, but also give them even more work on top of that? After some thought, I come to the conclusion that officers in the military are public servants. And is it not common knowledge that labor laws do not apply to public servants?

"Fulfill your duties as an officer, First Lieutenant Grantz. After that, you may do as you wish."

"But we'll never finish this! Not before departure...!"

The young first lieutenant cradles his head. However, as he notices the subordinate standing next to him softly remove a sheet of paper from her pad, his face jerks in realization.

"First Lieutenant Serebryakov! What if we use the notes you took earlier during the proof-of-concept test in place of a report?"

"Hmm? Let me see."

I glance over the outstretched page. It is well written, documenting the conditions leading up to the start of pinging, first impressions of the signatures detected, the misgivings of the officers upon further scrutiny, and even changes in their awareness over time. I noticed her taking little notes during aerial reconnaissance, but I had no idea they were this detailed. The notes can be submitted as is.

"Full and to the point, Visha. Excellent work."

First Lieutenant Grantz stands by, open-mouthed, as Tanya passes the piece of paper over as if urging him to read it.

"See here, Lieutenant? This is how it should be done. The military is also a bureaucratic organization. Documents should be well organized, tactful, and preferably simple."

Major Weiss nods, moved by Tanya's words.

"Impressive as always, Serebryakov."

I nod in agreement before glancing toward my second-in-command.

"Now then, as the original proposer, you will need to write up the results and the pitch. Once they're ready, submit them to my desk."

"Huh?"

Major Weiss stares blankly but soon recovers.

"I am recommending it, after all. To put it plainly, I am involved now. I even contributed toward arranging the experiment. Which is to say, I can no longer guarantee objectivity. I might at least provide a critique, but the report is the privilege of the person who came up with the idea."

Both the glory and the work belong to the inventor. I believe this is a fair approach.

"I have no intention of stealing my subordinates' thunder, not even unintentionally."

"Maybe if you could provide me with a little guidance..."

Major Weiss doesn't want to do everything himself. It's written all over his face. Unfortunately for Major Weiss, I simply shake my head.

"My business hours are officially over. I'll be taking a short break, but don't worry, that won't stop the document from getting passed along for approval. I'm staying in the capital, so I'll check my desk before going to bed and again tomorrow morning."

"You know what they say about the cat being away. So long as the commander of the Kampfgruppe is at her post, it will be hard for the other soldiers to rest. As commanding officer, I figure if I slack off a little, it will give everyone else the chance to take a break as well."

It is half expedience, half how I truly feel. A good manager lets those under them rest. It is one of the fundamentals of managing people, as is trusting and delegating to other managers beneath you.

"Major Weiss, I believe in your ingenuity. Now, if you'll excuse me."

"Colonel, may I come with you?"

"As you like, Visha."

Yes, as a good boss, why not treat her subordinate to some coffee? It is the least she can do.

"We'll be going back to the eastern front soon. We'd best fill out stomachs in the capital while we can. How about it, Visha? Some coffee?"

"Don't mind if I do!"

