# Chapter 1: Student and Teacher

"How is it?" I asked.

The man, who had a layer of stubble on his chin, gave himself a careful once-over. "I feel better," he said eventually. "Dunno why, though. Still...thanks."

Now that was a relief. The herbal infusion I'd fed him had been experimental, so I'd been worried something would go wrong. The recipe, which I'd learned from my herbalism mentor, Gharb, was a tried-and-true Hathara staple-or, well, almost. I'd made a few adjustments of my own.

See, while Gharb had taught me plenty about herbalism and creating natural infusions, her classes had never covered potioncraft. Partially because I just hadn't been aware she was capable of it, but mainly it was because I'd had very little in the way of mana at the time.

It hadn't been a cold calculation on Gharb's part-far from it. It was just, why teach someone a craft they weren't capable of practising, right? And when it came to herbalism, she'd been as diligent a teacher as anyone could ask for, drilling into me the minutest of details.

Looking back, it just wasn't possible to overstate how important that had been for me and my growth. My mana and spirit reserves had been truly minuscule back then, and I'd only managed to scrape by in my early adventuring career thanks to my skills as an herbalist.

Returning to the topic of what changes I'd made to the infusion, though, the short version was that I'd made it more powerful. Generally speaking, this fell under the purview of alchemy rather than herbalism, as it involved infusing the mixture with mana. That meant the end result was a true magic potion.

Lorraine was an expert in this field, and I was pretty sure Gharb was too. I, on the other hand, had never learned the principles of potioncraft, nor any of its recipes. Still, I hadn't spent the last decade watching Lorraine work for nothing-I at least had a general understanding of the processes involved.

Basically, by infusing mana into a mixture, one could increase its efficacy. Of course, that was easier said than done. The process was fraught with difficulty-one example being that it was common for side effects to become more severe-so I had planned on taking the slow and steady route, learning from Gharb before dabbling in any potioncraft of my own.

Well, that had been my plan before I'd realized that mana wasn't my only available resource. I had divinity now too. And that had made me ask myself: If I could create potions by infusing mana into my herbal mixtures, didn't that mean I could create holy elixirs by infusing them with divinity?

Uh, the term for that type of potion was just something I'd come up on the spot, by the way. Divinity-infused potions didn't really exist on the market, so there was no official name for them. Having said that, I doubted they didn't exist at all -someone had to have come up with the idea before this, so they were probably out there somewhere.

Case in point, holy water. I couldn't say for sure, but I suspected it was created using the same method as magic potions. At any rate, there was a lot of circumstantial evidence that if I used divinity like mana, I could create more effective potions. And given the properties of divinity, I figured the chance of them having any harmful side effects was pretty low. There was only one catch: I needed a test subject. I couldn't exactly ask an ordinary person off the street, after all.

I'd achieved proof of concept, having brewed several mixtures and infused them with divinity already, so it definitely could be done. I'd even tested them on injured animals and monsters with promising results. But I still didn't know how they'd work on a human.

Well, until now, that is. In a highly convenient coincidence, this guy and his friends had tried to jump me for my valuables. I figured that, since he'd made an attempt on my life, he'd forfeited the right to complain about whatever I did to him next.

Did that make me sound too villainous? In my defense, I'd already confirmed the recipe's safety...to a reasonable extent. I was pretty sure he wouldn't die, at least. Anyway, that was why I had decided I could go ahead with my experiment-and looking at the results, it seemed to have been a great success.

By my reckoning, the blow I'd landed on my test subject should've caused some internal damage, but he was looking hale and hearty after drinking my infusion. I could've patched him up with just divinity instead, but trying to heal damage that deep would've left me pretty exhausted. Good thing I'd had an alternative handy.

I would've still used my divinity if the infusion hadn't worked, though. I swear.

"Bit too nice for your own good, aren't you?" the man said, oblivious to my thoughts. "I attacked you. No getting around that. So...why heal me?" I wasn't exactly sure I qualified as "nice," given I'd just used him as an unsuspecting test subject, but if he hadn't realized he'd served as my guinea pig, I saw no point in enlightening him. "If I'd thought you were really rotten to the core, I would've handed you over to the authorities," I explained. "But I didn't get that impression. Your friends who woke up earlier-they didn't seem all bad either. So what's healing a few injuries here and there, right?" Technically, I wasn't lying. Technically. The man's two henchmen-or whatever they were-had indeed woken up earlier. They'd explained that they'd only followed their friend because they'd been trying to stop him, and it had seemed like they were telling the truth.

Given how things had played out, I could understand why they'd felt like they couldn't back out, even if they'd wanted to. They'd even claimed that they would've stopped their friend from dealing me a fatal blow if it had gotten to that point.

That didn't excuse what they'd done, of course, but since I'd come out unharmed and planned to put them-and their friend-to work for me, I'd decided to let them off the hook. The man scoffed. "Not rotten to the core? I wouldn't be so sure about that. I tried to rob you for your coin, remember?" I shrugged. "Yeah, but that's fine."

"What?"

"Just saying that any situation can be useful under the right conditions."

He gave me a sceptical look. "What's that supposed to mean?" "What do you think is going to happen to you?" I asked. The man pondered this for a while. "You're gonna make me your slave, or sell me off to somebody else who will," he said eventually, wringing the words out as if he were unwilling to say them. "That's why you healed me, right? So that I'd fetch a higher price?"

"Wow, that's pessimistic," I remarked. Suddenly, a thought occurred to me. "Does that mean slavery is legal here in Ariana?" "It is," Diego confirmed. "There are a number of rules and regulations pertaining to the categories and uses of slaves, but fundamentally, it's legal." "I see. I guess that opens it up as an eventual option, but no. What I have planned is different."

The man who'd served as my test subject cocked his head. "And that is?"

"Simple. You-well, you and your friends-are going to come dungeon delving with me." His eyes flew open wide.

The man's initial surprise gradually morphed into an expression of self-derision. "Dungeon, huh?" he muttered.

I immediately understood how he must've been feeling. After all, I'd lived a very similar life to his until relatively recently. Right now, he was thinking that he wouldn't be of any use anyway. Not in the literal sense, of course. He was still an adventurer, so he'd get by just fine in the shallow levels of most dungeons out there-but that wasn't what he'd meant.

"Well, my life belongs to you now, anyway," he continued. "Guess I'd better give up and take my licks. Being a meat shield shouldn't be too much for me to handle. Are you sure, though? At the levels you probably work in, guys like us won't be good for much more than decoys that'll buy a handful of seconds."

It seemed my assumption had been right; he thought I'd be using them as fodder to save my own hide. "Again with the pessimism," I said, shaking my head. "I can see how you'd get that impression, though."

"You don't understand anything."

"Until recently, I was just like... Ah, never mind."

I stopped myself. I could've told him that I'd been just like him not so very long ago, but I knew that would only fall on deaf ears. I remembered hearing all kinds of encouragement and advice from those around me back then, but I'd taken none of it to heart.

No, rather than words of sympathy, I needed to offer him something more practical-like explaining exactly what I'd be having him do.

"I won't be using you as a meat shield," I said. "That'd be pointless anyway, like you said." "Ouch. I know I was the one who said it first, but it's not fun hearing that from someone else." Yeah, it definitely sucked to be told your efforts were pointless. It was almost like being told your whole existence was pointless, really. The truth hurt sometimes. "But all you have to do is become useful," I murmured. "It's all about that first step..."

"Huh?" The man gave me a dubious look. "What's that supposed to-"

He was interrupted by the sound of a bell-the door to Diego's house. Well, Diego's store, really. The ringing was loud enough to reach us here in his living space; no doubt that was intentional, to let him know when a customer entered.

From the audible footsteps, it was clear that they weren't trying to be sneaky-and sure enough, a pair of men eventually appeared. One was relatively tall and lanky with a taciturn look to him, while the other was shorter, plumper, and seemingly cheerful. The former's name was Gahedd, the latter Lukas, and they were the friends of Niedz, my dispirited test subject.

As for how I knew this, it was because they'd explained all of it to me and Diego earlier after they'd woken up. We'd then sent them to do some shopping for us, which was why they were only just getting back now. Speaking of, they were currently in the process of retrieving their purchases-and they'd made quite a lot-from their magic bag and placing them in the corner of the room. Their movements were so well practiced you'd think they'd done this before.

By the way, I was the one who'd lent the magic bag to them. Gahedd and Lukas didn't own one, and neither did Niedz. That was normal for Bronze-class adventurers. The only reasons I'd had one back when I'd been in their shoes were steady saving, a stroke of good luck, and my own haggling skills.

Naturally, I'd lent them my old magic bag-not the one I'd purchased for several thousand platinum. It was still valuable enough that it might've been worth running off with, but all I'd have to do then was go to the authorities, and that'd be the end of it all.

Honestly, I would've rather avoided giving it to them at all, but practicality trumped caution here, since they'd been sent out for far more than two people could reasonably carry. Medicine, food, and even weaponry had been on the shopping list.

In the end, the deciding factor had simply been that they seemed the honest sort, deep down-though I supposed it did help that I also had Niedz as a kind of hostage. If they cared about him enough that they'd try to stop him from committing a crime, they probably wouldn't just abandon him and run for the hills. Given that they'd returned without a fuss, it seemed my judgment had been correct.

"Boss Rentt!" Lukas was smiling ear to ear. "We bought all the stuff you asked for!"

The man's features were reminiscent of a particularly plump goblin, but in a way that was oddly endearing. Surprisingly, I'd found out that he had a decent, if spotty, knowledge of medicinal herbs and ingredients. After checking the breadth of his knowledge, I'd tasked him with purchasing several plants that were best examined with a discerning eye.

"Good work," I said. "Yeah, this looks like everything. This one here, though-looks like you grabbed something that's slightly lesser quality." I pointed out one of the potted herbs. "Huh? What? But..." Lukas seemed flustered. "Look! It's fresh! You can tell by how the leaves are all taut and springy!"

"This plant only grows in mana-rich soil," I explained, pinching some of the dirt and rubbing it between my fingers. "And it needs to stay in mana-rich soil to maintain its quality, which is why you also take the earth around it when harvesting. It's a delicate job. Naturally, you'd want to use that soil when potting it-but this is the regular stuff, see? It does have some mana, but that's because... Well, take a look." I rifled around in the dirt and retrieved several tiny fragments of stone, placing them on my palm for Lukas to see. "Are those...magic crystals?"

"You got it. This plant withers quickly when planted in regular soil, but by crushing a magic crystal and mixing it in, you can keep the leaves looking taut and fresh for around two days. But in reality, the plant's in a weakened state, making a last-ditch effort to absorb whatever mana it can-hence the healthy appearance. It's

basically empty of nutrients, though, so while it might look like this today, it'll probably be dead by tomorrow." "No way..." Lukas looked shocked. I patted him on the shoulder. "Don't let it get to you. It's one of those things you need a lot of experience to spot. Next time, take a good look at the dirt. You might not be able to tell whether it's mana-rich or not with the naked eye, but it shouldn't be too hard to spot any magic crystal fragments."

The depressed look in Lukas's eyes quickly became an excited sparkle. "G-Got it, boss!" he said, nodding emphatically. "I'll do just that!"

Niedz seemed taken aback to see his friend's excitement. "Lukas..."

Lukas turned, surprised. "Oh, Niedz! You're up!" he exclaimed, as he walked over. "You had me worried for a moment there. Gahedd and I recovered pretty fast, but you looked like you were sleeping pretty deeply."

Gahedd finished retrieving the last of their shopping haul from the magic bag and ambled over to join his friends. "Rentt and Diego said you'd wake up soon, but we couldn't help but worry," he added. "You look as chipper as I've ever seen you, though. It's good to see."

"I'm good physically, sure," Niedz said, with a bitter smile. "But we've landed ourselves in one hell of a mess, boys. Way I understand it is, we're in for some dungeon delving. Isn't that funny? Even though guys like us wouldn't even make for a good trio of meat shields."

Niedz must have expected his friends to laugh with him. After all, they'd shared the hardships of being bottom-feeder adventurers together and knew that dungeon delving could be a quick one-way trip to the grave. I was all too familiar with how laughing at your own powerlessness was a common topic of conversation for those in the lower ranks.

Which was why Gahedd's response must have taken Niedz by surprise.

"Oh, that? Sounds like you haven't heard the full story yet. I get why you'd feel that way, but relax-I think we'll be just fine."

Niedz seemed to recognize that Gahedd-and probably Lukas too-had heard the deal from me already. He appeared puzzled, though, as if wondering why his friends weren't viewing me with more suspicion. He probably knew that none of them were the type to trust others easily. They didn't exactly seem like the type to treat anyone and everyone with total scepticism either, to be fair-but Niedz still had to be wondering why Gahedd and Lukas seemed so unbothered.

"Relax?" Niedz repeated, looking perplexed. "How can I? Didn't you hear that we're heading for a dungeon? None of the ones around here are any place for the likes of us. And since Rentt said 'delving,' that has to mean we'll be going fairly deep...so there won't even be anywhere for us to run."

It appeared that Niedz's plan was to flee the moment things went south. That would only work if you were being chased by something slower than you, though. Sure, people could outsmart your average dungeon beastie and escape them that way, but a big enough difference in strength would make everything else meaningless.

I couldn't blame Niedz for assuming I'd be taking them to a level way deeper than their pay grade. That was what happened most of the time when someone forced a weaker adventurer to accompany them into a dungeon. Using your companions as meat shields was rare in Maalt, since basically everyone saw it as disgusting behavior, and word got around quickly, but I couldn't say it never happened.

In a city like Lucaris, where both the population and adventurer count were orders of magnitude higher than Maalt's, things like that had to happen fairly frequently, even if they weren't openly condoned. So in that sense, Niedz was right to have misgivings. He had no way of knowing that I wasn't going to be doing any such thing.

Fortunately, Gahedd was quick to explain. "I felt the same as you after I woke up and got the story," he said. "But Rentt very patiently assured us that wasn't his plan. It sounds too good to be true, but he actually intends to train us." Niedz paused. "What? Train?"

"Yeah. He said he didn't know if we were talented enough to make it big or not, but he could at least teach us enough to get by day-to-day without any problems."

"But...how?" Niedz's expression showed a certain amount of self-deprecation, as if he was wondering how I could train them when their own efforts had amounted to nothing.

"You saw it just now, didn't you?" Gahedd pointed out. "He was teaching Lukas some of the fundamentals of harvesting jobs." "Fundamentals? What fundamentals? They're plants-all you've gotta do is pick them, don't you...?"

"Sure, yeah...but I know even you still try to do it carefully, right? That kind of in-depth stuff is what he's going to teach us." Niedz fell silent for a moment. "Carefully, huh?" he said, eventually. "So like harvesting them without damaging them, things like that?"

"Yeah, that's it."

"But I do that already."

Gahedd shrugged. "It's not enough. You heard what he said earlier, right? About how the plant might look healthy, but it'll wither unless you harvest the dirt with it? I had no idea you were supposed to look for magic crystals in the soil either. But if we learn more stuff like that, it's gotta come in handy someday, right?"

"Yeah, I...think I see where you're coming from. But..." Niedz paused. "What's the point? How's it going to help us make a living?"

"Well, Rentt says it might take some time, but enough steady effort will mean bigger payouts and direct commissions. Especially for a city as big as Lucaris-he mentioned something about it being likely that there are a lot of clients with an eye for quality here."

"Really?"

"I asked Diego, and yeah. They show up from time to time. Apparently, they have low expectations of most adventurers since we're so sloppy with the harvesting stuff, and always directly commission people they know can bring in high-quality hauls." "Huh. I've never heard of that before."

"I mean, those adventurers are getting special treatment. It's not like they'd go around letting everyone in on the secret of how they make their coin. Uh, unless they're Rentt, I guess, but he's not from around here anyway, so he said there's no real downside for him if he teaches us the ropes."

I had explained to Gahedd and Lukas that if I had been a Bronze-class living in Lucaris and earning my living from harvesting jobs, then teaching them would basically have been creating more competition for my own livelihood. But since I wasn't, and had no plans to settle down here, it was fine. The truth was, I wouldn't have minded teaching them either way, but people didn't believe you when you offered help that might cost you something. I knew that explaining it like this had been the best way to get through to them.

No matter where you went, most adventurers were the opposite of delicate. I could probably spend my whole life teaching people what I knew, and it still wouldn't become widespread enough to create any real market competition. Even if it did, it would likely be localized to a single city, and even then, the increase in high-quality ingredients wouldn't actually cause prices to fall by that much-the excess would just end up being exported elsewhere. All in all, I had nothing to lose by sharing my knowledge.

"And that's not all..." Gahedd began.

As he continued to explain to his friend, I glanced out of the window and noticed that the sun was setting. I had to be at the adventurer's guild soon.

I left the three friends to their conversation and turned to Diego. "I need to meet someone at the local guild," I explained. "Can I come back tomorrow?" He nodded. "Sure, that's fine with me. It's not like you can leave these guys out in the cold after all this, right?" He punctuated his words with a chuckle.

Diego would be putting the trio up for the night at his place. "Are you sure, though?" I asked. "If you'd rather not have them here, I'm sure they can sort themselves out for a single night." "It's fine. They didn't take any commissions today, so I doubt they've got the coin for lodgings. But, hey, you're going to be training them from now on, right? Maybe I should start charging them for room and board once they're making enough to stand on their own feet."

Now that was terrifying. "And how much is that going to be?" I wondered. "All of a sudden, I feel bad for them. Well, it should be fine if you're only charging standard rates. I'll just have to get them to a point where they won't even blink at paying prices like that."

Diego made a noise of admiration. "All the more coin in my pocket, then. Best of luck."

The distinctive flaming red light of the setting sun grew larger as I-Capitan-ascended toward the water's surface. It wasn't glaringly bright, given the time of day, but it was a stark contrast to the dark abyss below me.

Not that it was impossible to see anything at all-by straining your eyes, it was just possible to make out an oddly shaped structure in the water: the Dungeon of the Sea God's Daughters. Among all the dungeons around Lucaris, its depths were said to be the most difficult to brave.

It was also where I'd just spent my afternoon exploring, to no avail. Well, perhaps that was an exaggeration-I'd made some progress. Still, I hadn't found what I'd come for.

I wasn't going to give up anytime soon, of course, but my search today had made it obvious that my future prospects weren't looking good. After multiple visits, I'd essentially scoured every nook and cranny of the shallower levels, so starting tomorrow, I'd have to go deeper.

The water's surface was just above me now. The moment I broke through it, sticking my head into the evening air, I found myself unable to breathe. Knowing that I was in for a swift death by suffocation if I let things be, I quickly-but calmly-removed the cursed tool that the people of Lucaris called an air tube from my mouth.

Since it was a cursed tool, it took some time for the effects to recede, which did no favors for my unease. Nevertheless, after ten seconds or so, my lungs regained their usual function, allowing me to breathe in the seemingly infinite expanse of fresh air around me. I exhaled, relaxing. "Sunset already, huh? Where's that boat..." As I trod the ocean water, I took a moment to look around. To get to the Dungeon of the Sea God's Daughters, one needed a boat

and a sailor to navigate it. Since I was no exception to this rule, I'd hired a skilled seaman and his decently sized vessel. Small boats could make the journey just fine, but were harder to spot after one surfaced. For real peace of mind, bigger was better. Perhaps I was being overly cautious, since my proficiency with spirit let me detect life within a roughly one-kilometer radius, but given how much spirit I used within the dungeon, it was possible that I could finish a day's search completely drained. If that ever happened, I didn't want to stake my life on whether I could spot a tiny boat among the waves with my naked eye.

After some time, I caught sight of my ride. "There you are. Hey! Over here!" Using a hand mirror, I signalled the boat with the reflection of the setting sun. Soon enough, it began to approach. I'd actually spotted the official dungeon ferry too, but I wouldn't be using it. Its cheaper price and regular schedule made it a good choice for those seeking to brave the Dungeon of the Sea God's Daughters, but it also came with the possibility of being left behind if one was late to surface-something I'd corroborated by asking people around the port.

The adventurer's guild itself recommended the ferry, but I'd decided to contract a personal craft of my own in order to fulfill my needs. The high cost had been a sore point, but the flexibility made it more than worthwhile. With the ferry, one had to swim to it no matter how far away you ended up resurfacing, but since I was the only passenger on my hired boat apart from the man sailing, the vessel could make its way to me.

When the boat reached my location, the sailor tossed me a rope, which I used to haul myself aboard.

"Unscathed again, huh?" said the sailor, a man by the name of Mazlak. "That's good. You don't look too happy, though." "Not much reason to be-didn't find what I'm looking for.

Again. Don't blame me for the long face."

"You don't look empty-handed, though..."

"Mmm. Magic crystals from monsters, magical trinkets, cursed items-found plenty of those. I'd better head to the guild and sell these off. Should give me enough to cover your pay, at least."

He gave me a strange look. "My hiring fee isn't that high." "We'll spend the rest at the tavern. You're coming, right?" "You sure?"

"'Course. Drink your fill-so long as you're not too hungover to work tomorrow. You're the only vessel aside from the ferry who'll hire out to me, and I heard something about the ferry not running tomorrow."

"Hey, it's what you're paying me for. I'm happy to take your coin, but don't feel like you need to sweeten the deal by-" Mazlak suddenly cut himself off, his expression becoming panicked.

I turned to follow his gaze and saw a number of silhouettes under the water, gliding toward us.

"Kelpie riders!" Mazlak shouted. "We're getting out of here!" He seized the reins-which were connected to something below the water-and jerked us into motion. The boat quickly began to skim across the water's surface, headed for Lucaris...and in the opposite direction that the wind was currently blowing.

This was what had surprised me the most when I'd first encountered Lucaris's vessels. The city's boats-especially the smaller ones-didn't move using the power of wind or magic, but were pulled by living creatures, much like carriages. It was why vessels as large as Mazlak's often only had a single sailor to crew them-and depending on that sailor's skill, this type of ship could go anywhere one wished.

Even in Lucaris, Mazlak had made a name for himself as one of the best sailors around, and he'd proven his skill by getting us out of situations like this more times than I could count.

"Kelpie riders..." I mused. "Do you think they're..."

Kelpie riders, as the name suggested, was the general term for monsters that rode upon monsters that resembled horses, albeit ones that could breathe underwater. I couldn't make them out clearly from this distance, but I was fairly sure the riders in this instance were sea knights. Although they resembled humans, their silhouettes made clear that they had distinctive tapered heads, much like a squid's.

Mazlak nodded. "Yeah. Lackeys of the demon lord. Don't know what someone so high up the food chain wants with Lucaris, especially since we've never had trouble before. I hear that demon lords everywhere are starting to kick up a fuss, though, so maybe this is just a part of it."

"Seems pretty small scale, in light of that," I remarked. "I'm no expert, but aren't demon lords supposed to have armies large enough to ravage entire countries?"

"I guess you're right. Maybe this is just a show of strength or something? A mere seaman like me couldn't hope to understand a demon lord's mind. What I do know, though..."

"Yeah?"

"I know for sure I never want to be caught by one."

"I can toast to that. Let's get back to Lucaris, and we'll share a drink."

Mazlak nodded and increased our speed. Before long, we reached the port none the worse for wear. We had Mazlak's skill to thank for that, of course, but it was also because the sea knights had given up on the chase halfway. It made me wonder what their true objective had been, but I had no way of finding out. I'd just have to avoid that particular patch of ocean from now on.

One couldn't be too careful, after all.

Unlike when I'd first visited Lucaris's adventurer's guild after coming to the city, I arrived to find it bustling with adventurers. Most of them were returning from the day's work to hand in their commissions, which wasn't a surprise-that routine was the same at all guilds.

The atmosphere was pretty close to Maalt's as well, except for the fact that there was an air of refinement to the way the adventurers dressed. That was the difference between city and frontier folk, I supposed. I'd noticed the same thing when visiting the guild at Vistelya, Yaaran's capital, but it was even more pronounced here.

While the adventurers of Maalt could easily be mistaken for ruffians, the adventurers of Lucaris even decorated their arms and armor-nothing that would impede their efficacy, obviously, but definitely enough to leave a fashionable impression.

Well, Lucaris was a busy port city in a nation with a thriving trade industry. A rural nation like Yaaran couldn't hope to keep up with the latest trends in the same way the Ariana Maritime Republic could.

Anyway, my point was that I stood out. Granted, that likely wasn't the fault of the two nations' differing fashion trends-it was just how I looked. Masks and robes in and of themselves weren't all that rare, but my mask was shaped like a skull, and any onlookers would be able to tell that my robe was good quality. Since the

combination completely concealed my appearance, it probably gave the impression I was dangerous and unpredictable.

Which was why, as I waited in the refreshments hall next to the guild proper, sipping from the soup I'd ordered-which I'd mixed some of Lorraine's blood into-and watching the reception area as adventurers handed in their commissions, I noticed myself getting no small share of suspicious glances.

Most of them seemed content to write me off as a wanderer, a new adventurer in town, or perhaps a rookie. Some came over to strike up a conversation, but while my appearance might have come off as highly suspicious, I hadn't spent a decade as an adventurer for nothing. It seemed a bit pompous to call myself a veteran, but at the very least, I wasn't some fresh-faced greenhorn-I knew perfectly well how to hold a casual conversation with another adventurer. That being the case, everyone who talked to me quickly seemed to realize that I was just a regular guy, despite how I looked.

In fact, only one interaction happened that could qualify as unusual.

"Hmm? What's that seasoning you've got there? Looks tasty, but I haven't seen it around these parts."

That was the nation of trade for you-even the adventurers had a fondness for new discoveries. Some of the ones I'd spoken to earlier had explained that to me.

This particular adventurer and his companions seemed to think that the vial of Lorraine's blood I'd left by my meal was some sort of unfamiliar spice. In fairness, it'd be easy to mistake it for some kind of liquid chili oil at first glance-and then when you realized its color was too dark for that, it would only be natural to be curious.

I gave the adventurer who'd asked the question a sinister grin. "Oh, this? It's sheep's blood," I explained. "Couldn't get any from a human, you see."

I was joking, of course. I figured that if I could put them off with a little dark humour, maybe that'd convince them to stay clear of me in the future. It wasn't because I was off-putting; I knew perfectly well how to mingle and read a room. Really.

From how the adventurers responded, however, it seemed that Lucaris's rooms had a different language to them-one I was less than familiar with.

"Sheep's blood, huh?" one said. "I've seen it hardened and made into sausages before, but never eaten raw. Is it a specialty from your hometown or something?"

"Human blood..." another mused. "Oh, were you cursed, perhaps? That'd explain why you have to drink it. I know how you feel, buddy. I found this cursed item in a dungeon the other day, and I figured, well, it's from a shallower level, so the curse can't be that bad, right? But when I used it-check this out-I grew these webs between my fingers. It used to be way worse too-the curse vendor told me it'd take another three days to go back to normal. We've both got it rough, huh?"

To my surprise, they seemed perfectly willing to take my words at face value. I supposed living in a country with thriving trade- and cursed items in common circulation-made you a lot more open-minded than living in a rural frontier town like Maalt. If no one had a problem with me sipping blood in broad daylight, maybe life here could be pretty comfortable for a guy like me.

Then again, it could've just been that only the adventurers were, well... adventurous like that.

As I ruminated on the surprising cultural differences, I noticed a familiar face walk into the guild's entrance. "Sorry," I told the adventurer in front of me as I stood up. "Looks like the guy I was waiting for just arrived."

"No worries," he replied, giving me a smile and a wave. "See you 'round."

Huh. Maybe Niedz and his friends were actually the rarer kind in this city. Or had I just run into a particularly friendly bunch? Whatever, I could think about it later. First...

"Capitan," I called out.

"Hmm?" He turned, and his expression immediately became one of shock. "Whoa! Rentt?! What are you doing here in Lucaris?!" While I knew Capitan's mastery over spirit would've let him sense someone approaching from behind, it wasn't like he could tell exactly who that person was. He could probably make a good guess, in ordinary circumstances, but this was probably the last place he'd have expected me to show up. After all, Lucaris was farther from Maalt than Hathara was. Hardly an easy weekend jaunt.

Well, given the travel method Capitan and I had access to, technically it could be. Just for us, though.

"A number of reasons, but mainly, I want you to train me from the ground up," I explained.

Capitan cocked his head. "Train you?"

I gave him the story of how I'd come to be here. When I finished, he nodded.

"On your way to Silver-class, huh?" he said. "Good to see your adventuring career is going well. Looking at you now, it seems so long ago that you were all depressed about never making it out of Bronze."

"It's kind of a shame that I didn't get here through my own skill, though," I admitted. "A number of lucky coincidences lined up, is all."

"A person can run into a lucky coincidence every day and still not get anywhere if they're a lost cause to begin with. You got to where you are now because of all the steady effort and achievements you accumulated. It's never good to get cocky, but you can't be too humble either. You've gotta be able to objectively assess yourself."

I wasn't used to such direct praise, so his words caught me by surprise, slipping past my guard and landing like a heavy blow. "Yeah..." I said. "Yeah, you're right. Thanks, Capitan."

"Still, while I don't mind training you, I've got something I need to do right now," Capitan said. "You'll have to wait until I'm done." I nodded. "Yeah, I heard as much from Gharb. You're searching for sea spirit herbs, right? In the Dungeon of the Sea God's Daughters?"

"You know my usual harvesting grounds?" he asked, looking surprised. "I don't think I ever mentioned that to her." When I'd first dropped by the Lucaris adventurer's guild, the receptionist had explained the most common method of acquiring sea spirit herbs-just asking fish-folk to gather them for you. When she'd asked Capitan to gather some, Gharb had probably assumed that was what he'd be doing. I'd also heard that asking for a fishfolk's help wasn't as simple as it sounded, so I assumed my mentors

had connections in that regard.

"The receptionist at the guild told me all about it," I explained. "She recognized your name right away-sounds like you've got a pretty good reputation with them. It helped that the Dungeon of the Sea God's Daughters seems to be famous around here too, since she had a decent idea of its usual products and harvestables. That's about all the info I've managed to gather, though-I only got here today. I just figured finding you and asking you directly was the best way to save me some coin."

"You've really got this whole adventuring thing down pat, huh? Really makes you seem dependable. I remember it taking me several days to find out that you could even harvest those herbs from the Dungeon of the Sea God's Daughters..."

I didn't take what he'd said as discrediting his skills or ability, mind you. Adventuring wasn't Capitan's main profession in the first place, whereas gathering information through bits and pieces of small talk was routine for me. A lot of the titbits I picked up tended to sound insignificant at the time, but every now and again they'd pop back into my memory on the right occasion and prove themselves useful.

I reckoned that if Capitan dedicated himself to an adventuring career, he'd pick up the investigative chops to sniff out information on things like harvesting locations in no time. But at the end of the day, he was a hunter of Hathara, and that wouldn't be changing anytime soon.

"It's just a matter of practice." I shrugged. "Like learning how to traverse a forest. Even if you know all the tricks, you still have to go out and do it every day for a while before you really get it down." "An experience gap, huh? Can't argue with that. I definitely don't leave Hathara enough to keep my skills sharp in that area."

"The fact you made Bronze-class despite that is incredible enough. The way I see it, that's pure talent, and I don't know if I can ever measure up..."

"Hey, Bronze-class covers a pretty big range. Besides, the mischief they pull during the guild exams even gave me a headache. I basically just brute-forced my way through, but I'm betting you showed much more finesse, right?"

Perhaps it went without saying, but since Capitan held a Bronze-class adventurer's license, he had to have passed the Bronzeclass Ascension Exam. So although the actual content of the exam was different for everyone, we could both commiserate over the guild's penchant for tricking candidates.

Of course, the point of the exam was to see if you qualified to be a Bronze-classer, so someone who was far beyond that level could simply plow through it on pure skill. Capitan was a master of spirit, and I'd bet on him in a fight against any ordinary Bronzeclasser out there, so I couldn't imagine he'd had too much trouble. I, on the other hand...

"It's a real testament to your ability if you can brute-force your way through something like that," I said. "I definitely couldn't have managed it."

"I think tackling it the proper way is more impressive, personally," Capitan replied. "Guess we can chalk it up to people being cut out for different things. And for what it's worth, I don't think you'd have a problem with the Silver-class Ascension Exam- not with where you're at right now, anyway."

It seemed he was still overestimating me. "I'm glad you think that, but honestly, I don't feel ready," I said. "I'd like to spend every day until the exam improving what I can-especially spirit, since I'm still partway through my training in that. Picking up some new temporary stopgap for another skill would only hurt me in the long run-but with spirit, I'd be improving something I've already spent years building up bit by bit."

"Makes sense. I suppose I'd better find those sea spirit herbs quick, then. If only there were fish-folk around..." Oh, so he had intended to ask a fish-folk. "I take that to mean you couldn't find any at all?" I said, questioningly.

"Yeah. Usually-well, the last time I came to Lucaris, anyway- there's a number of them hanging around the city, but no such luck this time." This was my first time in Lucaris, so I didn't know what was ordinary and what wasn't, but there were a lot more beast-folk here than in other cities I'd been to. If there were any fish-folk around, though, I certainly hadn't seen any yet.

"What happened?" I asked. "Did they all move away or something?"

While humans had a strong tendency to settle in one place, it was more common for other races to lead a more nomadic existence. There were a few who clung even more tightly to their homes than humans did, of course, but fish-folk were generally said to have some wanderlust in them. Lucaris's whole fish-folk population very well could have just decided to move elsewhere on a whim.

"No, nothing like that," Capitan said, before pausing. "Well, maybe a little like that, actually. See, there were never that many of them in Lucaris to begin with. They've got their own settlement off the coast, down under the water, and they make fairly frequent trips to the surface for trade. Some ended up relocating here permanently for work, sure, but right now, pretty much all of them have moved back to their underwater town-and they're staying there."

"Did something happen?" I asked. If an entire ethnic group had up and left, there had to be a reason. Lucaris looked peaceful on the surface, but perhaps things weren't as tranquil as they seemed.

"Yeah," Capitan said. "You know about the demon lords, right?"

"Of course-the apex of monsterkind. There are only four of them in the entire world."

Demon lords, like dragons, were said to be beings of unparalleled strength, but the definition of the term was a little vague. There were a number of powerful monsters that didn't qualify for the label-the Vampire Sovereign, for one.

I'd asked Lorraine why this was the case, but even she couldn't tell me. It seemed that the term "demon lord" had been in use since ancient times, and the nuance of its original meaning was now lost to the people of the modern age. It made me wonder what made the demon lords so special.

But enough digression-Capitan was talking.

"Yeah, those demon lords," he said. "Apparently, one of them has been stirring up trouble in the area recently. That's why the fish-folk retreated back underwater. There are hardly any in Lucaris right now."

I chewed on that for a moment. "So they evacuated, then?" "I wouldn't put it like that, necessarily." "Why's that?"

"They're just being cautious-I think they wanted to keep their own settlement safe more than anything else. Monsters that might or might not be agents of the demon lord have been hanging around in the waters off of the coast, you see. Doesn't seem like they're gearing up for an attack on Lucaris itself, though."

"What makes you think that?"

"I actually ran into them this afternoon. A unit of kelpie riders pursued me after I surfaced from the Dungeon of the Sea God's Daughters."

I blinked. "I'm surprised you made it out all right. Surely kelpie riders are faster than even you in the water."

"I managed to secure myself a good vessel and a better sailor, so we got away safe. Though if it had come to a battle, I think I'd have managed. I had a decent bit of underwater equipment on me for exploring the dungeon, after all. I was more concerned that they'd destroy the boat-it would've taken me hours to make it back to land."

I was impressed that he'd apparently been planning to just swim back if his boat had been sunk. That was definitely beyond me-the Dungeon of the Sea God's Daughters was certainly far enough out that swimming was out of the question for most people. Of course, I could just fly or walk along the sea floor, but it had been a while since anyone would have considered me "most people."

"It must have been a fast boat, if it could escape kelpie riders," I remarked. "It's not the ferry I've heard about, is it?" "No, I personally hired a skilled local sailor, for the flexibility. The ferry isn't slow by any means, but all the adventurers on it make it a bit inconvenient for my purposes. Speaking of, I heard that the ferry won't be running for a while because of all the hubbub with the demon lord."

"No kidding!"

"Yeah. Anyway, those kelpie riders gave up pretty easily after we made enough distance."

"So they didn't chase you all the way to Lucaris?"

"No... You see the pattern here, right? It almost feels like they've decided to occupy a specific patch of ocean. Namely, the area around the Dungeon of the Sea God's Daughters."

"Do you think they have business of some kind there?"

"Who knows? It does look that way, but there's nothing in the area except for the dungeon. I guess that suggests that's where their business lies, but we could speculate all day and get nowhere.

Getting back to my original point, though, that seems to be why the fish-folk have left Lucaris for the moment. And since I can't ask them to help me gather the sea spirit herbs anymore, my only choice is to search the dungeon myself."

"Turns out demon lords are a real pain, huh?"

Capitan nodded emphatically. "You can say that again." "By the way, how are your prospects looking for those herbs? You must've covered a pretty large chunk of the dungeon by now." He'd mentioned that he hadn't found any yet, but I figured he might be getting close.

Capitan's expression clouded. "I heard from the local adventurers that sea spirit herbs appear in the upper strata sometimes, but I've essentially swept all of them to no success. It's looking like I'll have to delve a bit deeper. Didn't expect for this to take so long, but that's how it goes-especially when you're working alone. Still, I've got the time, and I figure going out of my way to hire more hands would only be a waste of coin."

All of this actually lined up pretty well with the situation I'd found myself in. "Oh, there's an easy solution here," I said.

"Hmm?"

"I'll help you out with the search."

"Yeah? Well, I suppose that means you'll get to your training faster. Actually, there's no reason we can't do both at the same time -spirit's a more hands-on kind of thing anyway."

"I appreciate it. For my part, I can bring a few extra hands along to join us."

"Really? That'd be a big help. They'll have to know how to identify a sea spirit herb, but we can always drill them on it and do a final check ourselves. The more hands, the better, in this case." Capitan frowned slightly. "Who are these helpers of yours, though? I don't think I can pay all that much, so..."

I proceeded to explain everything that had happened with Niedz and his friends, including my promise to train them. After I'd finished, Capitan nodded slowly. "I see. Sounds like you're heaping a lot onto your plate there. Are you sure you have the time to be training others while you're trying to do the same yourself?"

"Well, I didn't intend for all this to happen... I just can't really bring myself to leave them be, you know?"

"Because you see your past self in them?"

"Yeah. Besides, running into them has to be a sign of some kind, right? Just as I was wondering if you might need more help searching for the sea spirit herbs, they show up and try to rob me out of nowhere."

"I suppose. I probably wouldn't go as far as to call it fate, but it's definitely a lucky coincidence. All right. In that case, I'll help you out."

"With what?"

"With-Niedz, you said? I'll help you train Niedz and his friends. You're planning on teaching them the basics of adventuring, correct?"

"Yeah, that's about the size of it."

I was going to drum into them all the necessary knowledge to make a living as an adventurer. Though I had spent years earning coin and improving myself in the upper levels of dungeons, it wasn't a very efficient method if it was profit you were after. There were any number of other ways to make money that didn't involve risking your life.

However, I wanted to become stronger, so that was what I'd prioritized-and because of my past experience, I knew that with the right methods, even a Bronze-classer could earn a decent living. After all, I had saved up enough at one point to purchase a magic bag. Hopefully, I'd be able to get Niedz and his friends to the same point.

"In that case, I can teach them how to fight better," Capitan said. "We're going dungeon delving, which means combat will be unavoidable. Training you all together would kill two birds with one stone. They might not pick up spirit usage right away, but I figure giving them a solid foundation with it can be my way of paying them for their help."

Eventually, I realized that Capitan and I had been talking for some time-probably because it had been a while since we'd last seen each other.

"It's a bit late for me to be saying this, given how much of your time I've taken up, but shouldn't you go report to a receptionist?" I asked.

"Ah. Well, the guild's open at all hours, so it doesn't matter that much, but you're right that there'll be fewer appraisers around the later it gets. I guess I should get it done earlier. Mind waiting for me? I'll be right back. Oh, feel free to go to the tavern and grab a drink, even. I'm meeting the sailor I hired there later-I'll introduce him to you. The tavern's over by-"

"I suppose I should introduce Niedz and the others too, then," I said, after Capitan had given me directions to the tavern. "If you don't mind, that is."

He nodded. "Sure. Then we'll all meet up there. Invite that curse vendor too. Diego, was it? I owe him a drink for looking after my student."

"Got it. I'll see you later, then."

I left the adventurer's guild, finding that it was dark outside- the sun had already fully set. Nevertheless, Lucaris was a lot brighter than Maalt at night. The streetlamps were all illuminated, light shone through windows, and the entire city still seemed active and alive.

The foot traffic hadn't lessened either, though its makeup had changed. Instead of housewives shopping for ingredients or daily necessities, I saw adventurers returning from their commissions and men headed to taverns for a drink after a long day's work, accompanied by their business associates.

The atmosphere had gotten a bit rowdier, to the point where I wouldn't have recommended a young girl go out alone, but that wouldn't be a problem for people like Niedz and Diego. In fact, they seemed more the type to pick the fights rather than run into them. Hmm... On second thought, maybe that was a little rude to say of Diego.

"Diego?" I called out, having reached his store. "Niedz? Are you there?"

The door opened, and the beast-folk man popped his head out, looking puzzled. "Hmm? Rentt? Weren't you going to come back tomorrow?"

"That was my plan, yeah. But-" I then told him about how I'd managed to find Capitan, what we'd talked about, and his invitation to go drinking.

"Oh? Well, far be it from me to turn down a free drink. I imagine Niedz and his friends are of much the same opinion. Hold on a moment-I'll call them over." Diego turned and headed back inside to his living quarters.

Part of me wondered whether Niedz was in any condition to drink alcohol, given the internal damage he'd suffered, but that was probably an unfounded fear. He'd seemed completely recovered earlier, and on the off chance something did go wrong, I could just heal him with my divinity.

Fortunately, I hadn't gone out on a job today, so my reserves were topped up, so to speak. While my body made it difficult to get a good night's sleep, my divinity would still fully recover in the time between an ordinary person going to bed and waking up in the morning.

The door opened again to reveal Diego with the three adventurers behind him.

"They're here," he said.

"Boss Rentt!" exclaimed Lukas, the shorter, plump adventurer.

"Are you really treating us to drinks?!"

"Strictly speaking, it's my mentor who's going to be treating us," I explained. "We're not just meeting up to drink, though. Starting tomorrow-well, we haven't actually decided on the day, but definitely some time soon-we'll be having you work with us in the Dungeon of the Sea God's Daughters. That means we'll need a boat, but my mentor's been kind enough to let us join him on the one he hired, so tonight's about introducing everyone to each other. Don't do anything too rude."

If Niedz or his friends drank too much and angered the sailor enough for him to cancel his contract, I'd be depriving Capitan of his vessel-and to make up for it, I'd have to fly him to and from the dungeon each day. Giving out a strict warning was a small price to pay to avoid that.

"O-Of course, Boss!" Lukas turned to his friends. "We'll be on our best behavior! Right, guys?"

Gahedd, the tall one, nodded. "This might not sound all that convincing, given we attacked you in that alley, but I promise to stop Niedz or Lukas if they look like they're about to screw something up."

"You promise you can manage that?" I asked.

It wasn't that I was doubting Gahedd's intentions. It was just that, by all appearances, the trio were at roughly the same skill level, so asking him to stop his friends by himself if they really went wild might have been a bit much to ask.

Surprisingly, it was Niedz who answered me. "Don't know how it is for you, Rentt, but Lukas and me are the type to flop around like helpless fish when we're drunk," he said. "Gahedd's got nothing against drinking himself, but when it's the three of us, he always stays sober enough to knock our heads together if we get too rowdy."

That made sense. If pressed, I would've said I was the type to avoid getting drunk in the first place. I enjoyed a drink or two, sure, but I preferred keeping a general eye on things and staying alert enough to defuse any quarrels that looked like they might break out. In that sense, I could understand where Gahedd was coming from.

Lorraine, who was my frequent drinking companion, had an incredible tolerance for alcohol, so she usually joined in for peacemaker duty. Of course, in Maalt's taverns, the troublemakers were most often Iron-classers or the weaker Bronze-classers, either of whom I could handle on my own. Anyone stronger, and I got a little more leery about the idea of getting them to settle down with brute strength alone, but there were always other ways. Everyone had a weakness, after all.

When it came to booze, there would always be the type who drank themselves into a stupor and caused trouble for everyone else -but in the end, all it took was a little, ah, persuasion to smooth things over. Thankfully, it didn't seem as though that would be necessary for Niedz and his friends.

"All right," I told Gahedd. "I'll count on you, then."

Gahedd straightened, and his expression became equal parts grim and heroic. "Understood, boss," he said, nodding. He was acting like I'd entrusted him with some kind of grave duty, but I supposed that just meant I'd got my point across loud and clear.

We arrived at the tavern Capitan had told me about, finding it packed.

"Hey, Rentt!" a voice I recognized called out amid the din. "Over here!"

I turned to Diego, Niedz, and his friends. "Looks like that's us," I said. "Let's go."

I led them through the crowd to find a familiar face-and one not-so-familiar face-sitting at a table. The former was, of course,

Capitan, my mentor and a hunter of Hathara.

"You must be Diego, Niedz, Gahedd, and Lukas," he said. "I'm Capitan. Taught Rentt his swordsmanship, among other things, and I'm more of a hunter than an adventurer. And this is..." He turned to the other occupant of the table, an old man.

"Mazlak," the old man said. "Sailor. I'll get you to the Dungeon of the Sea God's Daughters and back, don't you worry."

Evidently, Capitan had already explained the plan to him. That saved us some time.

"An old man?" Niedz muttered. He looked sceptical. "You're kidding, right? We're putting our lives in the hands of a senior citizen?"

I'd specifically warned him not to be rude. Before he could say anything else, I made to smack him on the back of the head. Mazlak noticed and waved me off. "Don't worry about it," he said, seemingly unbothered. "He's not wrong about my age-I wouldn't trust me on the first meeting either. But do me a favor and save your judgment for after you've stepped onto my vessel and seen what I can do. As adventurers, you should know that age isn't everything, eh?"

He wasn't wrong. There were a decent number of older adventurers not only in Silver-class, but in Gold and Platinum too. Sure, some of them were simply sitting on their laurels after climbing the ranks in their younger years, but many of them still had the skill to back it up.

At Mithril-class, though, things got a bit more hazy since a lot of information about adventurers at that level was kept hush-hush. But while I couldn't say anything for sure, it made sense to me that if Platinum-the class below-had older adventurers, then Mithril would too.

Additionally, while it wasn't uncommon for martial artists or sword-wielders to decline with age, a lot of mages or people in otherwise magically inclined professions only became more formidable the more experience they'd accumulated. Being able to level an entire city without moving so much as a step sounded like something straight out of mythology, but there really were people out there who could manage that feat. And I would've bet good coin that nobody was dumb enough to look down on them for their age.

Niedz must have come to a similar conclusion, because he looked suitably chastened. "My bad," he apologized. "Wasn't thinking. You can't judge just by looks, after all." He said those last words while looking at me, which was fair enough. After the situation he'd landed himself in, he probably didn't need anyone to teach him that lesson again.

Mazlak looked surprised by the sincere apology. "Hrm. Honest lad, aren't you? Took you to be more the type that'd bite back. That's good, though. We get sailors like you now and then, and they always go far. Most others end up losing their spirit-they just give up and go through the motions. You can always spot the cynicism in their eyes."

Niedz's expression made it look like those were the last words he'd been expecting to hear-probably because he'd never heard anything like them before. After all, up until now, he'd been exactly the cynical type that Mazlak had been talking about.

It was a common story-an adventurer became disillusioned with their life for whatever reason, but rather than choosing another path, simply allowed inertia and force of habit to carry them along. The only reason Niedz had managed to break out of that cycle was because I'd beaten him up and he'd been forced to resign himself to whatever I had in store for him. I agreed with Mazlak, though-if Niedz could stay humble and willing to learn, he would grow.

While Niedz resembled my old self, he had far more latent talent. In my case, I truly would have gotten nowhere, no matter how hard I tried. Not that I'd ever given up, regardless, of course.

"Sorry about earlier," Niedz said. "I'm Niedz. It'll be good to have a sailor like you on our side, Mazlak. Ah, I mean... Sir."

"Just Mazlak is fine. Or even 'old man,' if you'd like." Mazlak turned to the rest of us. "And you would be..."

We each gave a brief introduction. "Rentt," I said. "Capitan's pupil, I suppose you could say."

"Gahedd, adventurer. Known Niedz for a long time, and can't seem to get rid of him. Sorry about his attitude."

"Lukas. Niedz, Gahedd and me go way back."

Diego, however, didn't say anything. Mazlak gave him an inquisitive smile. "Not going to introduce yourself, Diego?"

"Come on, Mazlak. What would be the point?"

"I take it you two know each other?" I asked, curiously. "We do," Mazlak confirmed. He held his hand over the floor at about the height of the table. "Ever since he was only yea high.

Knew his old man for even longer."

"Makes sense." So Mazlak had known Diego's father, huh?

"I heard we'd be riding a contracted vessel, but I never imagined it'd be yours," Diego said.

Mazlak shrugged. "With everything going on right now, who else would brave the waters but me?"

"I suppose you're right. Pops would always tell me stories about what a daredevil you were."

"I imagine he would've, being my number one customer." A question occurred to me. "Diego did mention that his father was an adventurer," I said. "Does that mean he explored the Dungeon of the Sea God's Daughters?" There were other dungeons that required you to hire a boat from Lucaris, but that one was the most famous.

Mazlak nodded. "That he did. Every day, at one point-though that was before Diego was born. As you can imagine, having a kid kept him pretty busy. Always had a good head on his shoulders, his father did-even helped him achieve his goal of saving up enough coin from adventuring to open up his own shop. Would've bet you anything that I'd have been gone before he was, but I guess these things take us all by surprise."

Mazlak's words answered a question that had been needling at me for some time now. Whenever Diego talked about his father, he used the past tense. That could've simply meant he'd been out of town for a while, but if he'd spent a good chunk of his life working to get his curse vend-uh, general store -off the ground, it didn't make much sense for him to go gallivanting off and leave it behind.

Diego likely would've mentioned if that had been the case, anyway. Since he hadn't, I'd figured chances were high that his father was gone and definitely wasn't coming back. Of course, it would've been rude to pry without a reason, so I'd let the matter be until Mazlak had essentially confirmed it for me. Though now, I was just curious about Diego's mother...

"Pops was happy," Diego said. "Lived a life doing what he loved."

Mazlak nodded. "Certainly did. You could call him selfish, in a sense, but I suppose you could also say that's what led to you being born. Still, after Mariana died, he..."

"My mother was..." Diego trailed off. Before he could continue, the sound of a harp played from farther back in the tavern. "Oh, there's a minstrel here? The mood does take me, once in a while. I'll be back later." Cup in one hand and a piece of jerky in the other, he stood and moved to a seat closer to the musical performance.

"Hrm. Shouldn't have opened my mouth, looks like," Mazlak remarked. "Sorry, all. I've gone and chased our friend off."

"No harm done," Capitan said. "Diego didn't look particularly upset either. We all have things we'd just rather not talk about, is all."

He was right about that. In my case, a tavern wasn't the kind of place I would've wanted to open up about my childhood, or my mother and father. I would've come away with the impression that Mazlak was a little insensitive if it wasn't for what he said next.

"I hope you're right," the old sailor said, scrubbing his hand through his hair. "I'll apologize to him later. It's just been a while since we've run into each other, so I suppose I got a bit nostalgic. With that and the drink loosening my tongue... Well, I should've stuck to talking about the job."

Everyone slipped up from time to time. If self-control was something people could constantly maintain, then there'd be no conflicts in this world of ours-and alcohol was the king of loosening your self-control. The fact that Diego had simply stood and left was a testament to his maturity. He'd likely accept Mazlak's apology without any issue.

"Might as well, then," Capitan said. "Not that your job will be changing much, all things considered. There'll just be a few more passengers coming along."

Mazlak nodded. "Mmm. Let's see-you, Rentt, Niedz, Gahedd, and Lukas? So, five?"

"That's the plan as I understand it, but..." Capitan said, turning to me.

"Works for me," I agreed. Suddenly, a thought occurred. "Just one thing..."

"Yes?"

"What about Diego?"

Mazlak cocked his head. "What, does he plan on delving with you?" he asked, somewhat disbelievingly. "In the Dungeon of the Sea God's Daughters? Are you sure?"

I was curious as to why Mazlak would react like that, but digging into Diego's past seemed rather touchy at the moment, given what had just happened. I decided to let sleeping dogs lie and keep to the topic of the job. "I don't know if he'll be coming along, but I've promised to bring him any cursed items I find," I explained. "And you know how strange some cursed items can be. With some, you wouldn't even be able to figure out what they do unless you've studied the spot where you picked it up."

The air tubes that the others would be using were one such example. Placing one in your mouth let you breathe underwater, but if you found one far away from the water, you'd be hardpressed to figure out its purpose. You'd just wonder where this strange pipe had come from, and whether it was a component that had fallen out of some larger contraption. If you knew they were often found near the shore, though, you'd start thinking about how it might be used in the water, and then you'd eventually figure it out.

Unlike ordinary magical items, cursed items found in dungeons tended to have strong connections to the places they were found- which meant knowing that information was often crucial. So while I could bring Diego all the cursed items I came across, it seemed pretty likely that he'd want a better look at the locations where I'd found some of them-and Mazlak's boat would be his only way to get there.

Mazlak nodded; he seemed to have picked up on my thought process. "So Diego's gathering cursed items from the Dungeon of the Sea God's Daughters, hmm?" he mused. "I suppose that would make him want to go delving himself, now and again. I think it's best we leave him be right now, but we can ask him about it later. If he wants to come along, though, I've no problem with it. I'd say that's your call, since you'll be delving with him."

"I don't mind," Capitan said. "The sea spirit herbs are all I'm after. If Diego needs cursed items, I'll happily hand over any I find. Most are just useless knickknacks, anyway. Might set aside a few as souvenirs for Gharb, but that's it. From what I could tell about the way he carried himself, I don't think Diego's going to slow us down, and an extra pair of eyes when searching for the herbs is always welcome." He turned a sharp gaze over to Niedz and the others. "Honestly, Niedz and his friends might have a rougher time, but that's why Rentt and I will be training them."

"Better brace yourselves," I told the trio of adventurers.

"Capitan's training is no joke."

"What are you going to make us do?" Niedz asked, somewhat hesitantly.

"To start with? We'll be building up your fitness and getting some experience under your belts. It's tough, but don't worry too much. If I managed to overcome it in the past, so can you." "I'm not sure if I believe that..."

