# Chapter 4: The Return and a New Find

"So this is the teleportation device," Capitan muttered, a strange look on his face. "Hmm..."

He was studying the large purple crystal floating in the center of the small stone temple we'd just entered. I was pretty sure I knew why he had that look on his face: The crystal looked quite different from the teleportation devices that Capitan was used to.

I thought it was a bit strange myself. Since this was a dungeon, I'd expected a magic circle just like the one that connected Hathara with Good King Felt's massive underground dungeon. Was there a reason this one took a different form? Or did it actually run on the same underlying mechanism and we were just too ignorant to understand?

Maybe Lorraine could've made some headway toward an answer, but unfortunately, she wasn't here. Everyone present had made their living off of their brawn rather than their brains, myself included. Diego was the only possible exception, having been a priest in the past, but he looked to me like the type of guy who would, at the end of the day, put more faith in the strength of his arm than anything else. Was that a biased thing to say? I guess it didn't matter.

"So we just have to touch it, and it'll teleport us?" I asked Diego. He seemed to know the most about the dungeon. "Yes. It'll take us back to the entrance," he confirmed, nodding. "And in the future, we can come back here by thinking of this place while touching the one there."

"Hmm? Was there a crystal like this at the entrance?"

"Only those who have touched this one can see it. Since I was the only person in the party who had, I didn't bother bringing it up."

"Oh, right. That wasn't the first time you'd slain that Greater Armorfish. Of course you've been here before." "Indeed. I've never been farther than this point, though. The group I was partied with were satisfied making it this far, and I wasn't skilled enough back then to go any deeper by myself. It's likely I could handle myself a little better now, but I still doubt I'm

good enough to make it to the next teleportation device." "The next one?" Capitan repeated, as he studied the device. "So there's another one just like this farther down?"

"Yes. I'm not sure how far it is, but there's one on every stratum in the middle layers," Diego explained. "It might be the same for the lower layers too, but I haven't purchased any information on them-too expensive. It's not even publicly known how many adventurers have made it that far. Regardless, I'd suggest leaving a large margin for safety beyond this point. Not to point out the obvious, but the monsters are a lot stronger than the ones in the upper layers."

"I see. That's good to know-I only purchased the information on the upper levels myself," Capitan said. "Are you sure you should have told us all that, though?"

Diego nodded. "I don't see a problem. Figured it was better to share, since we're partied together. Niedz, Lukas, Gahedd-make sure you remember it too, all right? But don't go spreading it around. I don't want the guild or any information brokers holding a grudge against me."

The trainees, who had been listening in on the conversation from the back of our group, visibly flinched. It seemed as if they had actually been planning to sell the information later.

"H-Huh? Why would they hold a grudge?" Niedz asked. "The reason they restrict the information in the first place is to prevent cocky lower-class adventurers from thinking that's all they need to make it down here," Diego explained. "This goes for every country and city, but most information brokers work with the guild to make sure the relevant know-how only gets into the hands of adventurers with the appropriate skill level. Some brokers work outside the system, sure, but they tend to be the ones involved in the shakier side of society, which makes them dangerous. I'm not saying you absolutely can't spread what I told you-just make sure you don't tell the wrong person, or you might find yourselves in danger."

"R-Right." Niedz nodded, looking slightly alarmed. "Got it." Diego nodded, satisfied, then jerked his head toward the teleportation device. "All right. Shall we, then?"

Naturally, none of us had any objections. We touched the crystal, causing it to glow faintly, and then everything went white.

"Oh. Is this...?"

Looking around, I saw that we were at the dungeon's entrance -more precisely, the first area that wasn't underwater. I was relieved that the teleportation device wasn't sadistic enough to dump us at the bottom of the ocean-though Diego probably would've warned us if that was going to be the case.

Speaking of Diego, I saw that he was right-there was a large floating crystal nearby. It was just like the one deeper down, albeit green instead of purple. It was even housed within the same small temple-like building.

I wondered if the difference in color was because the crystals were made of different minerals, or whether it was somehow related to its mana. When it came to complex mechanisms, it was always hard to glean anything just by looking at them; I wished I could take the time to study it properly.

Diego seemed to have noticed my curious gaze. "If you're thinking of taking it back with you to study it, don't bother," he said.

"Why's that?" I asked.

"The dungeon will teleport a horde of monsters here to keep it safe. There's a record of it happening before."

I considered that for a moment. "I guess that makes sense. Otherwise a teleportation device wouldn't be just lying out in the open like this."

"Indeed. The last adventuring party that tried it had a scholar who got too curious for their own good. The monsters all disappeared once the party had made enough distance, though. Probably teleported back to their original places in the dungeon."

"It's a little frightening that it has its own defense mechanism," I remarked. "Convenient, though. And it does explain a lot." "Better that than someone making off with it," Diego agreed. "Shall we be on our way, then? The way back up is the same as the way down. Rentt, Capitan-I imagine you'll have no problem, but... Niedz, Lukas, Gahedd-will you be all right?"

The trio nodded vigorously. It seemed they were somewhat intimidated by Diego. I kinda got where they were coming from- he did feel kind of like a stern older brother sometimes.

We lowered ourselves into the water and made the tiring journey back. Fortunately, the behemoth of a fish we'd seen on the way in was nowhere to be found, and we made it safely to Mazlak's boat on the surface.

"So, think you can figure out what that wooden tag does?" I asked Diego.

After the delve, we'd returned to his house, which we'd decided to use as our base of operations. Capitan had rented his own room in an inn, but was currently in the process of packing his things and moving them here.

We'd decided to headquarter ourselves at Diego's because we had partied together for the duration of the dungeon delves, and because we shared the common goal of training Niedz and his friends. In simple terms, it would just make things a whole lot easier if we were all in the same place. There'd be no need to go to the trouble of getting messages to each other across the city. Fortunately, Diego had a few spare rooms left over, so there weren't any space issues.

Currently, the curse vendor was poring over a bulky reference book, looking between it and the wooden tag on the table beside it as he grumbled to himself. I was curious if he'd made any progress, but...

"It's no use," he answered, throwing his hands up. "I have no idea. The pattern's not in the book. It resembles the ones for 'barrier' and 'anchoring,' but the details are different."

"So there's no way to check what it does?" I asked. "Pretty much. We've no way of knowing unless we can get our hands on a dungeon weapon. And depending upon the effect, we might not be able to figure it out even then."

"What do you mean?"

"I'll give you an example. One of these wooden tags can grant increased endurance. But if you bestow that effect onto a weapon, nothing visibly changes, right? In those cases, you've no way of knowing what to even begin testing to figure out what it does."

"Ah, I see what you mean. You'd probably eventually notice that the weapon seems particularly durable, though."

"There you have it. The endurance tag would be simple, since it's been discovered before and is in the book-someone must've gone through the exact process you described, then tested it thoroughly. But that's the product of repeated study. Here, look at all these pages in the back." Diego held out the reference tome, flipping through the pages until he revealed a long list of recorded patterns with the same words next to them: "effect unknown." There were other comments too, descriptions of suspected effects and behavior exhibited under certain conditions, but none of the information seemed certain. Evidently, we'd found another wooden tag that would go into this list.

"Still, there's always the chance that its effect will be obvious once it's bestowed," Diego remarked optimistically. "Oh? What kinds of effects might it have in that case?" I asked. He thought about it for a moment. "It could change the weapon's color, for one thing," he said. "There are quite a few cursed objects that alter color or pattern. Almost too many, in fact -there are still some that definitely haven't been discovered yet. Here, look at this section." Diego flipped to a series of pages with illustrations of weapons before and after the tag alterations. Some simply changed color, while others adopted flame patterns, polka dots, or became etched with entire works of art. He was right about the amount of variation, but it all seemed rather useless, in my opinion. I had no desire to deck myself out in flashy designs; all black was good enough for me.

I did get worried that my skull mask and robe made me look too much like a villain sometimes, but I was hardly in a minority among adventurers. A lot of us went with dark colors. Part of that was simply because they hid wear and tear better-after all, no matter how well you cared for your arms and armor, a certain amount of degradation was unavoidable. Hence, if you could conceal it, all the better.

If you looked shabby, you ran the risk of leaving your client with a bad impression, which could lead to them giving you an equally bad evaluation for the commission. That was why it was common for skilled adventurers to dress rather plainly, while newbies preferred flashier setups. Not that there weren't exceptions -some extremely famous adventurers dressed in a way that made their identities obvious even at a glance, since that could invite more commissions-not to mention ward off anyone who might've

wanted to pick a fight, among other benefits. "I imagine the prices attached to those effects aren't all that high, right?" I asked. "Yes," Diego confirmed. "After all, you could simply have your weapon painted instead. A tag enchantment is slightly more convenient, since the color will never chip, but that's a rather unimportant consideration. And needless to say, tags with unknown effects barely sell for anything, given the chance of getting something dangerous."

"Ah, right. Cursed objects. Makes sense that there'd be negative effects too."

"Indeed. Stamina reduction, mana reduction, headaches, and stomachaches, just to name a few. Just plain old curses. With all the trouble it takes to get your hands on a dungeon weapon, who'd want to enchant it with something like that?"

"You've got that right. But I guess without a weapon from the dungeon, we'll never know to begin with, huh?"

"We might come across a weapon or two while we're delving that we can test it on. The chance of finding items like that increases in the middle strata and lower. The best odds are at the bottom, of course, but I doubt we're strong enough to handle the monsters down there."

"Just for reference, how strong do you think you'd need to be?" "You'd need three or more Gold-classes, I suspect."

"Ah. Definitely not doable for us, then."

Both Capitan and I were Bronze-class, while Diego was probably good enough to be called Silver-class-not that it made a difference in this regard. Well, Capitan could probably make it to Gold-class if he went for it, honestly.

It didn't matter, though, since we didn't need to delve that deep. There was no point in dwelling on it any further.

The next day, we decided to rest, deciding that delving on consecutive days would be too harsh on our bodies. That didn't apply to me, since I didn't experience physical fatigue, but I couldn't say the same about the others.

Niedz, Lukas, and Gahedd in particular were in a state of total exhaustion. If we took them into the dungeon like this, there was no doubt they'd get seriously injured-or worse. While dragging them along served partially as a form of punishment for what they'd done, that didn't mean I wished serious harm on them. Still, the effort they'd put into working themselves to the bone yesterday had paid off-according to Capitan, they were beginning to show the signs of a budding ability to use spirit. Ordinarily, that required constant, intense training to achieve. That had been the case for me, and probably for Capitan as well.

However, everything had exceptions and shortcuts, and it seemed that Niedz, Lukas, and Gahedd fell into that category. Like me, the trio had stagnated at Bronze-class for the majority of their careers, unable to surpass their own limitations. Recognizing that their future prospects looked bleak, they'd grown cynical, continuing to fight monsters just so they could barely earn enough to eke out a living. It was a common story, one that no one would bat an eye at. In the end, they would hit a wall-whether that be a decline in physical ability as they got older or a serious injury suffered during a commission-and be forced to retire. But something different had happened to Niedz and his friends: They'd met Capitan, a master of spirit. By recklessly picking a fight with me, their path in life had changed dramatically.

According to Capitan, those whose growth had plateaued were better positioned to awaken their spirit. This was because defeating monsters caused a person to absorb a tiny fraction-or much more, if you were a monster like me-of its power, and that included spirit. After all, it was the energy of life and physical strength. Many monsters were living creatures and thus possessed it inherently.

Of course, there were also undead monsters, who had no spirit at all, or monsters that came in the form of intangible phantoms composed entirely of mana. But the monsters like goblins and slimes that the majority of adventurers fought-especially the lower-class adventurers-were alive.

Skeletons were lower-rank monsters too, but dungeons like the Water Moon Dungeon, which had upper levels full of them, were actually quite rare. It was far more common for skeletons and the like to be found in the deeper levels of a dungeon, summoned as pawns of a higher-ranked undead.

In that sense, you could say that the Water Moon Dungeon was rather peculiar. Yet for some reason, most scholars had overlooked it. In hindsight, maybe that was because of the special circumstances surrounding the place. I couldn't pin down one obvious reason for it, but the Water Moon Dungeon was where I'd met the mysterious woman who'd given me my robe, for one thing. For another, the closest town was Maalt, where Laura was based. Maybe the area itself was special in some way.

Ah, but I was getting sidetracked. My point was that it seemed that Niedz, Lukas, and Gahedd's training would progress relatively quickly. Capitan had mentioned that after they were done resting today, the goal was to get them to the point where they could use the bare minimum amount of spirit tomorrow. Part of me had wondered if they could really get that far so quickly, but I trusted my mentor's judgment. If he said it was possible, then it likely was. As for Diego, since he'd gotten grounding in spirit from a different teacher, Capitan had said that he'd be able to pick it up in no time. They were actually going to take today to work on it while Niedz and the others rested, so they wouldn't be getting much time to relax...but maybe it still counted as a break. It wasn't like they'd be fighting monsters, after all, and unlike the adventurer trio, Capitan and Diego had more than enough stamina to handle a little extra training.

Given their plans, they wouldn't be able to go out into town. However, someone still needed to shop for the supplies we'd need for our next delve the day after. That role had fallen to me, which was why I was currently walking through the city, running through the mental checklist of the items everyone had asked for to make sure I didn't forget.

The street I was on-a main avenue near Diego's house-was packed and noisy with people going about their day. Since most of the things I needed would be in the shops that lined the main street, I planned on wandering the area for a while, but I made sure to keep my wits about me. Diego had warned me that Lucaris, being a port city, had people from all over, and some of those people could be rather unsavoury types. Apparently, there were a lot of them on main streets in particular.

I'd felt somewhat like a child being fussed over by their mother before their first outing alone, but given that I'd first met Diego after being attacked by Niedz and his friends, I couldn't exactly refute his point. Still...

"It's not as if something like that's going to happen to me again," I said idly, to myself.

No sooner had the words left my mouth than- Thud!

-someone bumped into me. Specifically, into my waist area. I'd actually noticed them approaching and had attempted to get out of the way, but that had been impossible with how crowded the street was-plus, if I'd gone much farther out of their way, I would've bumped into a pregnant woman. Fortunately, since I'd braced myself for the impact, I'd managed to avoid colliding with her. Less fortunately, though...

"They got me..."

I'd felt the distinct sensation of my coin pouch being pulled from my belt. I'd secured it fairly tightly with string, but this pickpocket was evidently quite the veteran. They'd used a knife- and rather adeptly at that, given how short the window of opportunity must have been. If I'd reached out, they probably would have cut me across the hand or arm.

That wouldn't have actually been a problem for me, but I'd been worried for a moment about how it might look to the people around us if I'd gotten sliced up with a knife and just shrugged it off entirely. It seemed all that overthinking had been my downfall. Luckily, however, I could still see the pickpocket scampering away. I slipped through the gaps in the crowd, pursuing their retreating silhouette.

For the time being, I pursued the pickpocket at a leisurely pace. Dashing after them would only get me noticed, and there were still too many people on the main street for that anyway. Rather than lose the trail, I decided to wait until we were in a more open area to catch up.

Fortunately, the pickpocket didn't seem to have noticed me. The way they were moving was more indicative of a desire to flee from the scene of the crime than to lose a pursuer. It seemed like this wasn't their first time either-they made sure to keep their pace at a brisk walk so as to not attract attention. Fortunately, that made it pretty easy for me to keep up.

Before long, the crowd began to thin out. Just as the pickpocket glanced around furtively and made to slip into a back alley...

Grab! "Wha-"

"I think you know why I want to talk to you," I said, gripping the pickpocket's arm firmly. "Come on. In here." I dragged the pickpocket into the alley. I couldn't have them kicking up a big fuss and making people think I was the bad guy here. A lot of petty criminals were cunning like that-I knew because Maalt had its fair share of them.

That being the case, I didn't stop dragging the pickpocket along until we were far enough away that no authority figures or kindhearted strangers would come poking their noses in. The unfortunate criminal definitely didn't come quietly, though, shouting and struggling in an attempt to get away. Several people nearby noticed, but it seemed Lucaris's general populace was rather lacking in individuals brave enough to challenge a black-robed, skull-masked, sword-toting stranger as he dragged someone into a back alley.

Someone would likely call for the city guard eventually, but I'd made sure to be quick about heading deep into the alley. Even if I was questioned later on, there'd be no evidence of wrongdoing, so I could get away with a vague, perfunctory answer.

Uh, was it just me, or were my thoughts going in a really villainous direction lately? Well, I wasn't planning on harming the pickpocket or anything, so I was probably fine.

Once we'd gotten deep enough into the alley, the pickpocket went silent, allowing themselves to be dragged along. It seemed they'd realized there was no way out of this, because they'd also gone very pale. Maybe they thought this was the end of the road for them, since I seemed so practiced with dragging people into dark alleys.

It wasn't an unreasonable leap of logic, to be fair. If an adventurer did something like this to you, it was usually safe to assume you would be killed. "First things first," I said. "Think you could return my coin pouch?"

"I-I don't know what you're..."

"Hey, come on. Playing dumb's obviously not going to work here. You and I both know it's pointless, right?"

I'd meant that in the sense that the pickpocket shouldn't bother wasting our time, since we both knew they were guilty, but evidently, they were interpreting it quite differently. "You're...right..." they said, their voice resigned. "You could just kill me and search my corpse for it, anyway. Here-take it." I accepted my coin pouch, feeling all of a sudden like a rather heinous villain as I tucked it away. How had we gotten here, again? Wasn't I just getting my purse back from a pickpocket?

"So?" the pickpocket asked. "What are you going to do to me? Hand me over to the guard? Kill me here? Just get it over with, then..."

I shook my head. "Nothing of the sort. It's just that I'd heard your people went back to your home in the ocean. Didn't expect to see one of you still in Lucaris."

Indeed, the pickpocket's appearance alone made it obvious that she-for I could now see that she was a young girl-wasn't a human like you or me. Or, well...like you, anyway. Sometimes it slipped my mind that I didn't count anymore.

While the girl was humanoid in the general sense, the skin on her neck and arms was rough like scales, her ears were shaped like a fish's fins, and the irises of her eyes were much brighter than a human's. All of these were attributes of the race known as fish-folk. Of course, like "beast-folk," the word "fish-folk" was a very generalized term for a wide array of races. Much like wolf-folk and cat-folk differed in many ways, no two ethnicities of fish-folk were the same either. Maalt's lack of demi-human races meant that I wasn't exactly an expert on the topic, but I knew at least that much. I couldn't tell what kind of fish-folk the pickpocket was, though. Whale-folk and shark-folk were easy to spot, given the size of their bodies and jaggedness of their teeth respectively, but she lacked any such distinctive feature-or at least, any that were readily visible at a glance. If not for her scales and ears, I wouldn't have been able to tell she was a fish-folk at all, which gave me a new perspective on the sheer amount of diversity out there.

The girl, however, seemed to misinterpret the genuine curiosity in my gaze for something else. "Yeah, pretty much everyone went back," she said. "But don't think that means they won't get revenge if you sell me off as a slave!"

Okay, I couldn't deny that I was dressed like a slaver. But that still kind of hurt. "I'm not going to do anything like that," I said patiently. "I just wanted to tell you not to do this kind of thing anymore. Don't fish-folk earn a decent living here in Lucaris anyway? I heard that even kids your age can harvest rare materials on the sea floor, where humans can't reach." That was the part I couldn't understand. If she could do that, why go to the trouble of pickpocketing?

"You can't even go into the water right now," the fish-folk girl said, between gritted teeth. "I was too late. I missed out on going back."

"Can't go into the water?" I repeated. "Why not?" "You knew about the fish-folk returning to the ocean, didn't you?" she said, with a sour expression. "So you should know that the demon lord's goons have been hanging around the area too." As a matter of fact, I had heard about that. It was why all of the city's vessels were idling in the port right now. "Yeah, I'm aware," I said. "So they're stopping you from returning, huh?"

"Mm-hmm. Demon Lord Canhel's minions-a lot of them-have claimed the waters. Not just the surface either-they're prowling around our city on the sea floor. By the time I figured I should get out of here, it was already too late. They'll catch and kill me if I try."

As far as Lucaris was concerned, the demon lord's minions didn't represent that big of an issue. It had put a squeeze on the marine industries, certainly, but technically speaking there had been no serious harm done yet. The fact that the townsfolk were still treating the topic like simple gossip was a testament to that. However, it seemed matters were a lot more grave for the fish-folk. "That's..." I began, then trailed off. "My condolences. Still, you can't be the only fish-folk still in Lucaris, right? Why not rely on the others, just for the time being? I heard you stick together something fierce."

Well, rather than fish-folk having particularly strong bonds, perhaps it was more accurate to say that humans had weak ones. It was quite common among demi-human races to look out for their brethren in general, whereas it was a whole lot more up in the air with humans. Given that, it seemed strange that humans had entire religions that believed in human supremacy and rejected other races. I suppose we are just foolish like that-foolish and beyond salvation.

The girl gave me a suspicious look. "You sure know a lot about fish-folk. You're right, but if I went to them for help, I'd only worry them. I..."

"Yes?"

The girl shook her head. "Forget it. More importantly, what are you going to do with me? I gave your coin pouch back. Can I go now?"

I considered it for a moment. It was no big deal to me to let her go scampering off, but given what she'd told me of her circumstances, I suspected she'd just go right back to pickpocketing. At the same time, I didn't want to hand her over to the authorities either. I'd witnessed the kind of discrimination that demi-humans could be subjected to in Lucaris, and I wasn't convinced that the city guard would treat her fairly.

That pretty much led me to a single conclusion: It was probably best to ask advice from someone who knew the city better- specifically, Diego.

"I can't let you go yet," I said. "I can promise that I don't mean you any harm, though. Follow me for a while, would you?" The girl gave me a puzzled look. "So you are going to make me a slave?"

"Again, no. And just making sure, but if the demon lord's minions clear out, you can go back home and get by without having to resort to pickpocketing, right?"

She nodded, albeit hesitantly, as if not sure why I was asking. "I mean, yeah. I used to earn coin just like how you said-by diving. Once I couldn't do that anymore, I went around looking for other work, but..."

"Couldn't find any, huh?"

I wouldn't have been surprised if there had been discrimination at work there-but she'd likely been unlucky in her search as well. It wasn't like everyone in Lucaris had something against demihumans. Diego managed just fine, and there were plenty of other demi-humans like him with their own businesses. That being said, they were all in out-of-the-way places, so it was probably hard to find them unless you knew the city well.

"So without any other options, you resorted to stealing?" I said. "Yeah. I just figured it would work out somehow. Then you caught my attention by smelling like the ocean and all... But you're not a fish-folk, right?"

"Hmm? I smell like the ocean?" I was puzzled for a moment, before realizing. "Oh. I went diving yesterday. I guess the scent hasn't faded yet."

I hadn't realized I smelled. Then again, demi-human senses often perceived things differently than humans. Some had senses of smell that were thousands of times superior, for example. That wasn't necessarily a good thing, since it could easily be used against them-but regardless, it seemed the girl was telling the truth about smelling the ocean on me.

For the record, I bathed regularly, so it wasn't like this was the fault of poor hygiene or anything. After how long we'd been down there yesterday, I supposed it was only natural for some of the scent to stick.

"You went diving?" the fish-folk girl asked.

"Yeah, in the Dungeon of the Sea God's Daughters," I explained.

"I'm an adventurer."

She made a noise of appreciation. "A pretty good one, sounds like. That's exactly where the demon lord's goons are hanging around."

"Really? There weren't any inside."

"But they were around, weren't they? The surface is full of kelpie riders in that area."

"Maybe we just got lucky, then, because we didn't run into any. I'll keep that in mind, though, and stay on guard next time." The girl cocked her head in an exaggerated manner. "You didn't see any at all...?"

"Is it that strange?" I asked, as I set off at a walk.

She shook her head, then made to follow along. "Maybe not. I guess you did just get lucky. More importantly, where are we going?"

"To meet an acquaintance of mine. He should be at the guild's training ground right now." Last I'd heard, Diego planned on training with Capitan. I could've waited for him at his store, but it seemed best to get this over with sooner rather than later.

"Are you going to beat me up...?"

"You really need to do something about that paranoia of yours. Not that I don't get where you're coming from, I guess, but... Oh, right. What's your name?"

"Me? Pherousa. Child of the old sea."

"Is that right? Well, I'm Rentt, Bronze-class adventurer. Nice to meet you." I extended my hand in as affable a manner as I could manage.

Pherousa gave me a strange look, but eventually took my hand, shaking it. "You're kind of strange, aren't you?" she mumbled. "Whatever. Lead the way. Not like I have much choice anyway."

No matter where you went, whether it was a small village or a large city, guilds almost always came with their own training grounds. And while they differed from guild to guild, they tended to take the form of a built-up arena for general use. Of course, if your particular branch of the guild had a tight budget, it wasn't uncommon for a training ground to be little more than an empty lot marked off with a wooden fence.

The one in Lucaris, however, really spoke to the local guild's relative affluence. Not only was it a proper stone building, it had also been magically treated to withstand spells of some potency. Without such facilities, you'd have to head out into the wild and find an open space to practice your spellwork. And with that, there was every chance of a monster stumbling across you and giving you a good deal more "practice" than you'd bargained for. Thankfully, it seemed that wasn't a concern in Lucaris.

I surveyed the training ground. There were adventurers everywhere-from what I could tell at a glance, though, most were Bronze-classers or thereabouts. I didn't see anyone stronger.

That was probably because of the whole thing with the demon lord's minions hanging around. Silver-classers and above, who received more personal commissions and had better connections with the authorities, were more likely in the know, while the lowerranked adventurers would find it more difficult to pick up general commissions even if they wanted to.

I spotted Capitan and Diego easily-their movements were a cut above everyone else's. Good enough to be Silver-class, for sure. Pulling Pherousa along behind me, I approached, stopping at a distance.

"You aren't going to call out to them?" she asked.

"No," I said. "They're still sparring. I don't want to break their concentration."

"Would that really be a big deal?"

"Well, I don't think they'd care, but I'd still rather not. Besides, it doesn't look like they'll be that long. We can wait. Unless you have a problem with that, of course."

I expected Pherousa to consider this a waste of time, since I figured she wanted me to let her go as soon as possible, but her answer surprised me.

"Not really. Watching's fun. They're both pretty good."

"Huh. You can tell?" I recalled her deft movements when she'd pickpocketed me. They'd seemed quite practiced, but maybe it wasn't just the agility of a thief. Maybe she'd trained in some martial art or other.

Pherousa nodded. "Most fish-folk learn how to use a spear, myself included. Some choose the sword, of course. That old guy, though... What's he using?"

She had to be referring to Capitan. It was rather mean of her to call him "old guy" without an ounce of hesitation, but I couldn't exactly say she was wrong.

"It's a hunting knife," I explained. "You don't see many people use one, but it's a decent weapon. Has a lot of uses outside of combat, as well. That 'old guy' is a hunter by trade, so he's better with that than with a sword."

A hunting knife was excellently suited for cutting through long grass and overhanging branches. It was durable enough that it could take some pretty rough handling too. It was inferior to a sword in sheer cutting power and functionality as a weapon, but you could compensate for that with skill. Capitan certainly did.

"Hunter?" Pherousa cocked her head. "Why's a hunter doing the whole adventuring thing?"

That was a perfectly natural question to have. After all, most hunters didn't go gallivanting away from their villages or towns to play at being an adventurer. Most were at least registered with the guild, but few actively accepted commissions on a regular basis. They had hunter duties to attend, and adventuring wasn't exactly the kind of job that you could do in your spare time. Their earnings would generally be much better if they focused on one or the other, so there was little point in trying to do both at once.

That is, unless you were a special case like Capitan. He didn't much care about his earnings to begin with-he was a hunter of Hathara because that was what suited him. The only reason he was even in Lucaris at all was because Gharb had asked him to pick up some materials. Once he found the sea spirit herbs, he'd return to

his daily routine without a second thought. Well, after I'd gotten him to train me, anyway.

"It's a long story," I said. "Oh-looks like Capitan's seized the upper hand on Diego."

Pherousa nodded. "So that beast-folk man with the black fur is called Diego? I wanna root for him, but yeah. He's being pushed back."

It made sense why she'd want to cheer for a fellow spear user. Myself, I was pulling for Capitan.

Unfortunately for the curse vendor, there was a significant gap in their technique. While Diego was fighting with what appeared to be only basic magical enhancement, Capitan had spirit, and it seemed his mastery over it was too much for Diego to handle.

And Capitan could do a lot more with spirit than just enhance himself physically.

"Huh?! You're kidding!" Pherousa exclaimed. "That spear stab totally connected! How did it just bounce off the old guy?! Is his skin made of steel or something?!"

Diego had used some excellent footwork and taken advantage of his spear's reach to land a precise blow on Capitan, but it had appeared to simply bounce off the old hunter's skin. I knew better, though-with my eyes, I'd been able to see the spear's tip with crystal clarity. It hadn't bounced off Capitan's skin, but the invisible layer of spirit coating it.

He'd shown me the technique before-it involved basically layering spirit across your body like armor. Still, seeing it again had done nothing to diminish its sheer absurdity.

"Didn't know you could do that with spirit," Diego said, sounding equal parts disgusted and impressed.

"Just takes some getting used to," Capitan said, still maintaining his fighting stance. "That was an excellent thrust, though. I hadn't planned on having to deflect it with spirit."

"Really? Looks to me like I'm not giving you much of a challenge."

"On the contrary. If anything, I'm the one slipping. Haven't fought anyone worth their salt in a while, so it looks like I've grown rusty. Figure it's time for me to get serious."

"What, you weren't before?"

"Well, we're here to teach you how to use spirit, so I had to see what you were capable of. Couldn't have you knocked out cold from the get-go, could I?"

"Hah! Bold words! Looks like I'll have to get serious too, then!" "That's it! Give me everything you've got!"

No sooner had the words left Capitan's mouth than the pair dashed straight at each other. But while it looked simultaneous, I could tell Capitan had been slightly faster. That went for his weapon too-his hunting knife was closing the distance quicker than Diego's spear.

But while that single exchange would have decided the fight for any ordinary warrior, Diego avoided Capitan's knife by jerking his head to the side. It was a feat that most humans would have found difficult to pull off, but as a beast-folk-and one from a cat lineage, no less-Diego's body could be particularly flexible when the situation called for it.

I could do something similar, but in my case, I did it by dislocating my joints entirely. It felt kind of unfair to compare that to the capabilities of a living creature. I tried not to make a habit of it, since I planned on regaining my humanity one day, but I couldn't avoid it sometimes. It was just so useful...

While I was having those idle thoughts, Capitan's hand kept moving. He must have expected Diego to dodge-that, or he'd crafted his strike in such a way that it would connect regardless.

My money was on the latter. Capitan was usually the type who didn't sweat the small stuff, but when it came to hunting and combat, he was a creature of precise logic. It was rare that he ever left anything to chance, and it showed in his fighting style.

In contrast, Diego seemed to mostly rely on his instincts. Definitely not in a negative sense, though-he was moving like he had an intuitive understanding of Capitan's attacks. The way he'd jerked his head aside just now was a perfect example.

The thing was, those wild, natural movements were exactly the kind of thing Capitan was used to dealing with while hunting his prey, whether monster or animal. The knowledge of how to handle them was etched into his bones. And there were some attacks that even if you knew they were coming-or sometimes, precisely because you knew they were coming-were hard to avoid. In that regard, Capitan was an expert. Case in point, what he did next

could only be described as shocking.

As Diego made to pull his spear back for a thrust, Capitan tossed his hunting knife at the curse vendor's feet without a shred of hesitation. Caught off guard, Diego's balance crumbled. His spear tilted up slightly, his grip weakening for an instant-and that was exactly what Capitan had been waiting for. The old hunter kicked Diego's arm, causing him to drop his weapon, then grabbed that same arm and, in one smooth movement, threw the beast-folk to the ground, putting him in an armlock.

At first, Diego looked unbothered, likely because he expected his flexibility would save him once again. However, as he found himself unable to escape Capitan's grasp, his expression morphed into one of surprise. It seemed the joints he could usually count on weren't obeying him.

"Wh-Why..." he muttered.

Capitan chuckled. "Ready to admit defeat?"

It took Diego a moment to respond, but he seemed to realize that no amount of struggling would do him any good. "Doesn't matter, does it?" he said. "You've obviously got me beat, regardless. Good fight."

"Capitan! Diego!" I called out, approaching with Pherousa in tow.

They looked over at me as they stood up. "Rentt," Capitan said. "Finished shopping already?"

Rather than me, though, he was looking at Pherousa. I could sense the question he wanted to ask: What have you gone and picked up now? Though he knew me well enough that he probably already had a good guess.

"Yeah, the shopping's done," I said. "As for the girl, this is Pherousa. It's a bit of a long story..."

"You don't say," Capitan muttered, scratching his chin. "And unless my eyes have failed me, she's a fish-folk, right?"

"I am," the girl confirmed. "Like Rentt said, I'm Pherousa. Child of the old sea."

"Oh? I'm Capitan. Pleasure."

Circumstances aside, it was only polite to give your name to someone who'd given theirs. The two extended their hands, exchanging a handshake.

Diego, however, looked surprised to hear the girl's name.

"Diego? Is something the matter?" I asked.

"Rentt..." he said slowly. "Do you know who she is?" "A fish-folk girl, right?" Nothing else about her seemed particularly noteworthy to me. I supposed, if I was pressed to say, I also could have described her as a pickpocket. But I could tell that Diego was getting at more than just a physical description.

The curse vendor shook his head incredulously. "I mean, yes, obviously. But that's not the problem. See, when fish-folk name themselves 'child of the old sea,' that's the equivalent of a human saying they're royalty."

There was a moment of silence before I spoke. "Huh? But...she tried to pickpocket me. Why would..." If she was royalty, shouldn't the other fish-folk in Lucaris have been falling over themselves to help her? Why had she said she couldn't rely on them?

Pherousa herself provided the answer to my question. "You're the first person in this city I've given my proper name to, Rentt," she said.

"Why? If you'd just told the other fish-folk..."

"They would've only thought I was an imposter. People barely even know what I look like back home. You aren't one of us, though, so I thought that wouldn't matter."

"Okay, I think I get it now," I said, before a hint of complaint entered my voice. "You could've told me earlier, you know." Pherousa smiled. "Sorry. I was going to explain later. I didn't think your friend would know so much about fish-folk."

To be fair, it didn't seem like she'd intended to surprise me like that. But now that she'd mentioned it...

"She's right," Capitan said. "Why do you know so much, Diego? General details, I'd understand, but knowing the titles of fish-folk royalty seems rather specific."

This was true of beast-folk as well, but fish-folk tended to be quite secretive-though the biggest reason they weren't common knowledge was probably just that they often lived in places like the underwater city Pherousa had mentioned, which humans couldn't reach by ordinary means.

Nevertheless, Diego seemed to be rather knowledgeable. Perhaps it wasn't all that strange, since there were some ethnicities of beast-folk that also lived underwater, but I didn't think that was the major reason.

"Simple," Diego said. "My mother was a fish-folk. She told me some things about her people. That's all."

"What? But you're clearly a beast-folk," I pointed out.

The reason for my confusion was that when members of different races produced children, said offspring tended to inherit the characteristics of both parents. The child of a rabbit-folk and fish-folk, for example, was likely to have both scales and long ears. I supposed Diego could have had fish-folk features somewhere beneath his clothes, where I couldn't see them, but...

"If you've got answers, I'd like to know too," Diego said, shrugging. "But I'm essentially all beast-folk. The spitting image of my pops when he was younger, apparently."

"So you've got no fish-folk features at all?" I asked.

Diego shook his head. "None. Doesn't really cause me any trouble, so I'm not bothered. I might even stand a decent chance of having children."

"Ah, yeah. I've heard that children can be a difficult prospect for mixed-race couples. I don't know how difficult, though."

"It's possible, albeit very unlikely," Diego explained. "And many children that are born end up having reduced lifespans. It's why you don't see many mixed-race people around. The strange thing is that we can have children with humans, no problem. Mysterious, isn't it?"

He was speaking the truth; there was a reason reproductive compatibility was cited as a specific characteristic of humans when compared to other races.

"When it comes to race, there are probably more questions than will ever be answered," I agreed. Case in point: me. But while I used to think that I was the only person who went through life without knowing who I really was, talking with Diego had made me realize that other races also had their share of inexplicable mysteries. Maybe I didn't need to feel so lonely after all.

"No wonder Rentt smelled like the ocean," Pherousa said. "I didn't expect one of his friends to be part fish-folk."

"And here I was convinced it was because we'd gone to the Dungeon of the Sea God's Daughters," I said.

"I guess both could be true. It doesn't really matter." She paused. "More importantly, can we get to why we're here? What are you going to do with me?"

"Ah, right. Diego?" I said, turning to him.

It seemed he'd guessed what I wanted to ask, because his expression became somewhat resigned. "Let me guess. You want to put her up at my place?" he said.

"I won't go quite that far," I said. "I just wanted to know if you could hire her on, at least temporarily. From what she's told me, she can't go back home right now. She doesn't have a way to earn her keep in this city either, which is why she turned to pickpocketing. She doesn't seem like a bad kid, so..."

The curse vendor sighed. "Not like I can turn her away after hearing all that, can I? I'm already putting up Niedz and the others, so what's one more, right? Besides, she'll come in handy on days like today when those three are too exhausted from delving." He turned. "Pherousa, right? Are you okay with that?"

"Okay with what?" she asked. "Are you hiring me? But I'm a fish-folk, and a pickpocket besides."

"Well, Rentt here's a bleeding heart who likes to take in ruffians who try to rob him just because he feels bad for them. Compared to that, a pickpocket who only steals out of desperation is nothing. And I do kinda like that side of him, you know? As for the fish-folk thing, I'm a beast-folk myself, with fish-folk blood. You'll get no prejudice from me."

"I-In that case... I'd be glad to work for you. I promise I'll be useful!"

"It's just watching the store, so it shouldn't be too difficult. Just don't slack off, and you'll be fine."

While the pair were talking, Capitan came over and muttered in a low voice. "So? Is this really just because you have a bleeding heart?"

"I won't deny that's a part of it," I said. "But since she's a fishfolk, I figured she had connections to their underwater city, so I thought she could serve as insurance in case we didn't find any sea spirit herbs in the dungeon. Now that I know she's royalty, though, it seems like she was quite the valuable catch."

"I can't tell if you're a good guy or a villain, with a line like that," Capitan said incredulously. "But I suppose it doesn't matter. You would've done the same for her even if she hadn't turned out to be royalty, right?"

"I'd like to think so. Oh, and I wanted to ask. How does that joint-locking technique you used on Diego work? Why couldn't he move?" The technique had been impressive, especially since it had worked on a cat lineage beast-folk like Diego.

"I used spirit, of course," Capitan said. "By making contact with an opponent, you can manipulate their own spirit and lock it in place. With enough practice, you can do a lot more than that too."

"Such as?"

"Make it explode."

"You say that so casually..."

