The truth is, we came into the war expecting to fight the Imperial Army, and a fair fight at that. But in hindsight, we were painfully naive.

We completely misread the circumstances: The Empire was an expert and many years our senior when it came to the wickedness of total war, and we were a bunch of wet-behind-the-ears newcomers who went in thinking we would get a direct confrontation, fair and square.

With such a misguided expectation setting us up, it's no wonder we missed our mark. Though it makes plenty of sense when you go back and think it over after the fact. Our nemesis, Zettour, never had any intentions of fighting fairly from the very start of his invasion-something I can now say with utmost confidence.

The man was faithful to the fundamentals of war. Particularly when it came to using his own army's strengths to exploit the opposing army's weaknesses. It was crucial for him to create battlefields where his army held the advantage for him to draw out opposing forces.

This was the principle he followed when he set the stage for the war in Ildoa. The bastard made sure to never lose the initiative there.

We went into battle thinking we were the protagonists, when really we were just playing a two-bit part in a script the Empire had prepared for us.

The abomination that happened in Ildoa was a historical sleight of hand that duped the Alliance. Even worse, the important lessons that we needed to learn were neglected instead.

In the minds of the public, the Empire won the battle, but we won the war. This may be true, in a sense, considering the ultimate outcome. Historically, the Empire did lose against the Alliance, an outcome that offers us the slightest bit of pride and confidence.

But what of it? I always found this such a narcissistic way to view the subject. There's nothing constructive about ignoring glaring problems in light of a single victory. Forgive this old man's lecturing tone, but as someone who lived through the war, I can only remember the days spent on the Ildoan peninsula with a sigh.

The Empire was tactically superior? Their soldiers were highly skilled and could fight better than ours? They had Named mages and ace pilots? This much is all common knowledge. None of these individual episodes was totally inaccurate, and there certainly isn't a lack of anecdotes, myths, or legends on the battlefield. Someone could easily pen up an interesting novel or, at the very least, have fun with old comrades in a bar.

Sadly, though, those things are mere details.

What I want to discuss is what really happened.

The reason that we lost on the peninsula was that... we failed to adapt on a fundamental level when it came to total war.

When the rules of conflict change, an army needs to adapt to them as quickly as possible, and the cost of being unable to do so was tremendous.

Although, there are many other factors that I need to mention. A big one being, for example, the fact that our enemy was a bunch of rotten bastards. Maybe I'm just too old-fashioned, but this above all else was why I couldn't stand that scum. While it would be disingenuous to argue he wasn't a one-in-amillion general... that bastard Zettour's use of refugees to burden our logistics was as morally repugnant as it was ingenious. It was more insidious than a tactical bombing, and since he painted the attack in a veneer of righteousness, he pulled it off while the whole world was watching.

He tried to bring our army to its knees using the stomachs of Ildoa's refugees. This single attack alone was more than enough to earn him the con artist moniker we all know him by. While it would be their tactics-above-all policy that would eventually do the Empire in, the Ildoa campaign led by Zettour was its own monster. He had calculated every turn of the entire campaign, through and through.

Do you know how they used to siege castles in medieval times? Back when there weren't even bombs, let alone magic, the stone walls of a castle were about as impenetrable as a wall could get, and an incoming attacker's biggest concern was how they could take the castle down.

The dominant tactic of the time was to chase those living in the surrounding area away from their homes and into the castle, a method to win without actually attacking that medieval tacticians likely borrowed from their predecessors.

For better or worse, the history of man is a story of war, and the tactics employed by the Empire in Ildoa were a simple revival of historical methods that were tried and true. It could be said that, in this regard, the Empire was an outstanding successor in keeping the classics alive, and it seems that General Zettour, in particular, was well read.

It's something often pointed out by scholars now, but the tactics employed by General Zettour-commonly lauded as fantastical and bizarre-were, more often than not, sound tactics that drew on knowledge from the past.

A good example of this was Operation Revolving Door from the Rhine front. While it is commonly upheld as a dramatic use of maneuver warfare, it was primarily tunnel warfare that did the heavy lifting in causing the collapse of the defensive line-yet another classic example of anti-castle warfare from times before explosives were commonplace. Even his staggeringly aggressive style of maneuver warfare on the eastern front is yet another example, taking the classic war theory of luring, encircling, and destroying an enemy in a field battle and stretching the concept to its limits. Decapitation tactics, something people often see him as an innovator of, also have ample precedent in the many assassinations found throughout history. There is no shortage of examples of armies succumbing to chaos after losing key commanding officers.

If there is anything that must be recognized about General Zettour's implementation of these tactics, it is that he adapted them to modern warfare in an incredibly refined manner. This could also be said about the Empire as a whole. Bastards, the entire lot of them, but they had an incredible knack for war. They were like a pack of ferocious beasts who could think.

If we, the marines, were ordered to engage the enemy in direct combat, we would've won. If our nation said the word, we would've seen it through. The issue was, there was no enemy to fight when we got there.

Why? Because our enemy was that son of a bitch Zettour. He never intended on fighting us from the get-go. I can say for sure that con artist never saw the entire theater in Ildoa as anything more than his own toy box. It was his to do with as he pleased, a catalyst for stroking the Empire's ego.

Which was why he played games to his heart's content there, flipping the country upside down, only to return to the north like it never happened. He left it to us, the adults, to clean up the mess he'd left behind.

He never had any interest in Ildoa. It was nothing more than a way for him to gain time, and a spot to force us into.

There's good reason why this point of view is valid, too. Look no further than the records on logistics and supply-they tell the story.

Sadly for us, the public oftentimes sees our deployment alone to be heroic and the apex of the war. Countless historians have exhausted an ocean's worth of ink detailing pitched battles, and it is no different for major naval engagements. It is only the initial battle that will make it into any of the history books. In contrast, the world of logistics is, frankly speaking, quite bland. There's a rigidity to it that lacks the spectacle necessary to woo the masses. This is why history books are filled with heroic battles, which they explore down to the finest detail, while barely ever discussing victories of the supply line.

They may touch upon the success of an attack on an enemy's supply line in the frame of a larger battle, or even discuss examples where the lack of provisions was the determining factor in a certain strategy's success. Any such examples, however, are for the more well-informed readers. They are difficult to understand. The less-informed masses tend to find the age-old story of a small group of soldiers overcoming the odds through bravery and ingenuity to snatch victory from the jaws of defeat far more glorious.

This isn't to say that commanders who are able to pull such a feat off don't deserve their accolades. It is, however, highly irresponsible for a nation to expect this much from its commanders as the standard. The hero scenario entails that its actors lack the support they should've had in the first place. If we're to praise those who have gone far above and beyond their call of duty, we must also rebuke a nation that neglects to fulfill its own.

What's needed isn't just some flowery words of praise but proper training and equipment. To get even a single glass of water to the front lines means that somebody somewhere in the rear must carry it there. This is what we're dealing with here.

In times of peace, access to a drink of water is as simple as turning on a faucet. Your options become much more limited during a war, however, where you either need to bring that water from its source to the battlefield, treat water found in the field, or neglect your soldiers' needs entirely.

Armies are massive groups of people, and people get hungry and thirsty. To expect soldiers to die fighting when they are already dying of starvation and dehydration would be the height of callousness.

To prevent this from happening, the army needs to function as an organization. The amount of food, water, and bullets a single hero can bring with them into war is paltry, which is why teamwork is essential to victory, and why we should do away with our habit of focusing solely on the glory of the vanguard charging gallantly into battle.

The colossal number of people it takes to support the war from the front is something that should never be forgotten. It is what gets people the things they need, when they need them, and where-something that in times of peace is taken for granted. This is something that is truly great-the people and system who make it possible-and it's a lesson that the Unified States learned all too well when it answered a historic humanitarian call of epic proportions on the Ildoan peninsula.

## DECEMBER 20, UNIFIED YEAR 1927, THE GENERAL STAFF OFFICE AT THE IMPERIAL CAPITAL

The Ildoan HQ made it clear they would take in the refugees from the north. General Zettour could finally release the tension in his shoulders after confirming that Ildoa avoided mass panic, thanks to systematic support from the Unified States and the rest of the Alliance.

"I'm glad I placed faith in their sense of reason."

Though Zettour never fancied himself a gambler, he'd won this particular bet. And it was the gamble of a lifetime. One that pitted the lives of Ildoan citizens as forbidden bargaining chips against the rationality and humanity of his enemies. And he had bet correctly.

"Yet another evil, detestable deed that will forever be associated with the name Zettour. It seems this will be my only legacy-one of evil."

Zettour chose this path for himself, and he knew what he was doing by doing so. Though he could trick those around him, there was nothing to be gained from tricking himself about it.

Which made it strange. Despite having convinced himself he was ready to play the villain, there was a part of him that felt vindicated by the outcome.

"How... sentimental."

His soul felt at peace. It felt as if he was exempt from feeling guilty. With a sigh, he reached for a pack of cigarettes to fill his lungs with some much-needed tobacco, when a strange idea struck him. Just as he'd murmured to himself only moments prior... having been saved from his guilt felt so sentimental.

But what exactly was saved? Was it his own conscience? Or was it the strategic interests of the Empire? With a nasal grunt, Zettour gave himself a self-deprecating chuckle.

"I'm no longer... my own man."

I am the state. It would be easier if he truly thought this highly of himself, but he knew he would never be anything besides a humble career soldier. That said, there was a good possibility he was currently transforming into the ringleader of a military coup... but he was still a pathetic individual who was watching the sun set.

Zettour couldn't become the sun. He was well aware of this, more than he wished to be. The most he could hope for was that the world would mistake him for it. This was the sole reason he was in the position he was in, and why he enacted the evils he did.

Zettour had sent large swaths of Ildoa's refugees down south. His tactic, which turned the nation's population against it the same way sieges forced castles to capitulate in the past, was as straightforward as it was cowardly and evil.

It was Zettour's idea, and Zettour was the one who ordered it. In other words, it was all Zettour's doing. Not the Empire's.

"I can only wonder if I still have the compunction to genuinely pretend I was ever concerned about the well-being of the refugees."

He chuckled... Since he was a soldier who had crossed the line, this was the only attitude he could have about it.

"But to think my variation of human wave tactics would take shape in such a heinous way and target the enemy's stomachs. I am so wicked. God must truly despise me."

Zettour was the offender. The honor and glory of being an Imperial soldier had dissipated. He knew they would-such was the only logical outcome, seeing as the Empire's inevitable defeat was clearly looming on the horizon. The very foundation of his nation was unstable.

"Will I be able to finish my tread down this tightrope? The apprehensions that eat away at me are already such a massive burden on their own. There's no utility in taking on more to worry myself over."

A puff of smoke left Zettour's grimacing mouth, carrying his sentiment with it.

"I only ever wanted to be a good person."

He even thought he was, or at least, he once did.

"But these are the times we live in."

A gun hung at his waist. All he needed to do was bite down on its barrel... and with a simple pull of the trigger...

"I'm sure it would make things easier."

No more worrying about duty...

Then Zettour shook his head to dispel the thought. He was more surprised by his own weakness than the thought itself-surprised that he still had thoughts like this from time to time.

## THE SAME DAY, THE UNIFIED STATES HQ IN ILDOA

On the Ildoan peninsula, where the conflict between the Empire and the Alliance raged on, outside help was necessary for replenishing the constant outflow of supplies, gunpowder, and lives. The war was truly avaricious in this sense.

Weapons needed constant maintenance, and ammunition, naturally, could only ever be used once. Before anything else, soldiers were living, breathing humans. It wasn't as if the US troops stationed in Ildoa under Truger's command could defy the laws of nature. That made it necessary for them to request that supplies be sent from home.

The men and women fighting the war needed both weapons and ammo, as well as other essential resources such as food and water. Luxuries, too, were important for a healthy, functioning army-almost indispensable. These soldiers, who longed for nothing more than a simple letter from back home, were risking life and limb on the battlefield. Was some amusement, be it in the form of food or entertainment, too much to ask for? A lot went into keeping spirits high despite their perilous circumstances.

In this regard, the Unified States did well for its soldiers, meticulously learning from past mistakes to ensure that those stationed abroad were treated well.

"Everything is perfect. We can even get our troops on the front lines ice cream and steak."

A logistics worker would aptly make this remark on the job one day. They took pride in the strong supply lines they had established.

It went without saying that ammunition was readily available. The nation had a tremendous stockpile for its well-established worldwide lend-lease program, which allowed it to keep its soldiers well fed and armed to an extent beyond the Empire's wildest dreams.

What's more, their distribution network was perfect. With many boats for transportation, each guarded by escort vessels, and an expansive air force, it had the seas and skies of the world covered and enough easily transportable fuel to fully maintain it.

It was a standard for distribution never seen before. What the Unified States considered a perfect system had Tanya screaming, "Cowards!" Where the Empire had most of its supplies still being transported by horse, and even had to resort to having its mages use tugboats to tow its tanks across rivers, the Unified States' transportation network was completely motorized. The nation had so much of a surplus that it could keep the other members of the Alliance thoroughly supplied on top of this. It was the picture of excellence.

There are few methods as tried and true as sound logistics to bring a country to infallible victory, which was why the Unified States made heroic use of its seemingly limitless resources to make sure that the front lines had everything required to win.

While the front line was bolstered with the best people and equipment for the job, fate had a different plan for the country. When the Unified States reached the peninsula, it underwent its own baptism in total war, and it was the dreaded General Zettour who bitterly, evilly, and relentlessly poured the holy water over the helpless newborn US Army's forehead.

Were the US generals and officials incompetent? No, not by any stretch of the imagination-both Ildoa and the Unified States had studied the con artist Zettour in exacting detail.

The two forces went into the battle with both a clear strategic and tactical advantage to defeat their crafty nemesis: sheer numbers. As simple as this may sound, it should've been the correct answer to the problem. The Unified States, the Commonwealth, and Ildoa were all major maritime powers with control over the seas, ample forces on the ground, and a combination of mages and planes that could achieve aerial superiority. Putting it plainly, the three nations did everything right, and their military leaders were confident that they would be able to put up as strong a fight against the Empire and Zettour as any other forces could.

Incidentally, many said that General Zettour admired his enemy.

"One must be jealous of our enemy. Look at their massive army, bountiful resources, and endless supplies. It is difficult to call this a fair fight. It's almost immature of them, really."

The dreaded Zettour was widely considered a crafty tactician and a one-of-akind strategist. The US officials behind the creation of a flawless militaryindustrial complex should be proud of the fact that they had made him concerned.

They were going to destroy the enemy with their superior resources. A simple, effective approach that the US could have faith in. A losing army that lamented over losing due to a lack of resources never should've gone to war in the first place. This would ultimately be what led to Zettour going down in history as the defeated general he became.

However, it's well established by now that the dreaded Zettour will go down in history as one more thing: a con artist. This reputation of his has established itself not only in the eastern front, but in the west as well.

By the time the Unified States had prepared its forces in Ildoa for an epic counteroffensive against the Imperial Army, the bomb laid at their feet by the expert of total war would explode. An explosion that would have the Unified bureaucrats practically fainting over the newest reports.

"We don't have enough boats! Or goods! What the hell is going on?!"

Reality was nauseating for the planners overseeing logistics, who lamented over the hopeless status of their merchant navy.

What in the world could've led to this?

They could understand the cause.

It was all due to a surge of unexpected demand, for which there were two reasons. First, the Ildoan Army's lack of critical resources. And second, the geographical impact of total war in Ildoa.

Had it been only one of these problems the Unified States had to deal with, it probably could've met the challenge without issue. Both of them culminating together at the worst possible time, however, made for one massive dilemma.

General Zettour's blitzkrieg invasion of Ildoa led to the occupation of the nation's heavy industrial zone to the north by the Imperial Army, which would go on to be described as one of the more catastrophic events in the war.

Having lost its industrial base, armoury, and even its stockpiles, Ildoa was in no position to remilitarize on its own, and outside support-which in this case fell on the Unified States to provide-was vital.

The Unified States had a contingency in place to resolve this, of course. They would simply send all the weapons, equipment, and ammunition the country needed.

If the Ildoan youth had been willing to fight the Empire so the youth of the Unified States didn't have to, then sending them what they needed would have been an easy decision for US politicians. From a long-term perspective, Uncle Sam was more than willing to help keep the Ildoan Army fighting on the front lines. Although it was also true that this posed a short-term problem. If they needed to keep dozens of mobilized soldiers armed... then it meant that the Unified States would have to reduce the allocation of resources for its own army.

There was also the nightmare of having to actually send everything its ally needed. A person in charge of the Unified States provisions who was ordered to make this possible would aptly remark:

"What, do they think these weapons grow on trees?!"

While the nation had a massive surplus of weapons and bullets, these were still finite.

Even for the massive manufacturing base boasted by the Unified States, it was no small task to arm the armies of the Commonwealth, the Free Republic, and even the Federation, all while keeping its own quickly expanding army well geared.

On top of having to do this, it was expected to send over a dozen divisions' worth of supplies for the Ildoan forces.

Just procuring the arms would be a lofty task on its own, but getting them across the sea as soon as possible was truly a nightmare.

## Anyone would lament over the orders.

"We're going to have to reduce what we're sending to the Commonwealth and Federation, and lower the pace of our own army's expansion..."

It was with a collective sullenness that those who oversaw logistics made such a grave decision, for they knew they had a lot of work ahead of them.

While it was tough for those who had to make the cuts, it was far tougher for those on the receiving end of those supplies. When the Federation, Commonwealth, and Free Republic learned their allotment was being reduced, officials from each nation worked fervently to secure their own portion. The strong mutual distrust among the three supposed allies intensified as they entered this new prisoner's dilemma. It would later be discovered that behind the curtain-when begging, demanding, crying, and relentless attempts to entertain ambassadors weren't enough-the foreign diplomats even resorted to bribery and extortion.

The number of backroom deals and underhanded tactics that would take place was utterly detestable. This should've been more than enough to undo the jerry-rigged bond the nations had in their Alliance. Though before the cutand-dried separation between the thought camps would take root in the east and the west, a clear wedge had been driven between the two sides. Were it not for the existence of an overt and obvious mutual enemy, this change in supply allocation created more than enough hostility to spark a new conflict.

As such, the Unified States made a decision that all the stakeholders could reluctantly agree on. While it was a noble decision for the nation to prioritize the nation in crisis, Ildoa, much of the effort that went into launching their initiative would fall flat. Despite the Unified States' best efforts, the Ildoan Army simply lacked a distribution network that could adequately handle the amount of supplies they needed. Until new domestic supply lines could be established, the Ildoan Army was fully dependent on the Unified States for every last bullet and morsel. And even then, the question of supplying weapons to Ildoa was... one of the easier issues the Unified States would face as a nation.

The worst problem manifested was the national food shortage-a vital resource Ildoa's citizens needed to live. This was a complete blind spot for the

Unified officials and cause for a major headache.

That wasn't to say that they had no considerations for food shortages. They had plans set in place to provide food for refugees in locations they might occupy, and they were more than capable of bringing food to such locations as opposed to having to acquire it at their destination.

The Unified logistics officials even had a structure set up in case they invaded the Empire and had to provide for its people under military rule. The same went for the François Republic's territories. They could establish a temporary rule there while they waited for the Free Republic or its bureaucrats to take over.

Thus, the possibility of unforeseen civilian demand was something that was considered by the logistics officials. What they couldn't have predicted, however, was just how much grain they would need to hand over to the civilians when they reach their allied nation!

Any predictions they had made going into the war were only for military support and equipment. Thus, their initial decision to prioritize Ildoa was more of a slogan than a firm policy.

While they knew they would have to reduce support for their other allies going into the war, it was only a matter of by how much, not all at once. The logistics team figured they could primarily support Ildoa while maintaining the rest of its supply network.

This miscalculation would be dispelled at a moment's notice upon receiving word from the Ildoan ambassadors of the possibility that the country could need a large quantity of wheat-a request that would have anyone doubting their ears. The very concept went against all common sense.

"This is Ildoa we're talking about!"

The officials blurted out their doubt.

"It's an agricultural exporter!"

"How does a nation that produces so much run out of food?!"

It was exactly as the government officials were exclaiming to each other as they fell into a panic: The nation of Ildoa was traditionally known as an agricultural powerhouse.

The country had a rich, world-famous culinary culture that spanned from the north to the south.

As rich as this culture was, it wasn't without its own idiosyncrasies. The climate of Ildoa was different in its northern and southern parts, allowing the nation to harvest a wide variety of crops.

Specifically, the north produced a majority of the nation's staple grains, while the only grains grown in the south were purely for self-consumption, with tree crops being the main commercial product. Their agricultural products included a wide variety of produce, such as olives, grapes, and citrus fruits, as well as wines and other processed derivatives. It also included the milk and meat of sheep and goats.

Ildoa had a plethora of produce that it was well known for, and there were few nations around the world that matched the nation's scale in agricultural exports. If there was any difficulty with the nation's agricultural foundation, it was that the vast majority of its commercial produce was difficult to use as a staple food.

Were this a time of peace, this wouldn't be a problem. The nation enjoyed a comparative advantage that would've made Ricardo proud.

But this was total war.

With all imports having been ceased due to the war, the nation was receiving an influx of refugees from its north to its south.

The hotels that were empty due to the war quickly found themselves overflowing with refugees. It wasn't as if the southerners didn't try to help their northern counterparts out in their time of need, but no amount of desire to help could fill the void created by a dearth of resources.

Supply had diminished, and demand had increased dramatically. Prices began climbing faster than even the notorious Imperial mages, and while it wasn't anyone's fault, the country reached it breaking point when the US military arrived.

When the multinational volunteer unit-consisting primarily of US and Ildoan

By the time officials picked up the situation, the prices were already growing out of anyone's control. It was clear that food could be sold for more tomorrow, and then even more the next day, resulting in a reluctance for farmers to sell crops too early due to the ever-increasing prices.

Regardless of the prices, there just wasn't enough food to feed the nation due to the stockpiles in the north, which were prepared for times such as these, falling into Imperial hands. The result: The Ildoa-Unified HQ was up against a new, unforeseen enemy-a difficult-to-believe sudden rise in food prices on the civilian market. In addition to this, it didn't help that citizens of both the Unified States and Ildoa both enjoyed a prosperous standard of living long into the Great War.

In any case, one of the major impacts that total war had on the nation was a food shortage without precedent. Everyone back home was foaming at the mouth with rage, cursing the heavens while they fell to their knees.

"Southern Ildoa is on the brink of a famine?!"

From an objective perspective, it wasn't as if the Unified States Army's presence in the nation was the trigger for the new development. As with any shortage, prices rising was only a matter of time more than anything. It was just as likely that those living in the south would end up causing a rise in prices due to bulk panic-buying out of fear of further invasion, but any potential causes were simply that-causes that never had the chance to happen.

What the people of Ildoa, and the world, saw was a tremendous rise in food prices the moment the Unified forces hit Ildoan shores. It left the Unified Army with the unfavourable criticism that they were buying up all the food. In actuality, the dent that twenty, thirty thousand soldiers would make on the feeding of millions of civilians was insignificant, but it was the optics that

mattered.

The world's opinion on the matter had solidified. It was around this point when the officials, already in a deep panic, would receive even worse news: that a key port in southern Ildoa had lost its function due to an Imperial assault.

The fact that all the large port facilities in the south were within range of an Imperial attack also posed a new, serious problem for the Allies in terms of ensuring the safety of transportation routes. Although this much could've been solved if the Allies could expel the Imperial Army from the north.

"But that's a big if."

It was as one of the bureaucrats so aptly articulated: If they could expel the Empire, there would be no problems.

With that, the expeditionary forces brought to Ildoa under the command of Lieutenant General Truger were engulfed in the logistical chaos. His initial plan, seeing as the ground forces that had been urgently deployed to the outskirts of Ildoa's capital had already been defeated by the Empire, was to fortify the positions in the south as quickly as possible before heading north to raid the enemy holdings and help stabilize Ildoa's lines... but this plan quickly fell apart.

Everything was going smoothly when he reached his position in a southern Ildoan city and established his HQ, but his schedule would be turned upside down when he received word that an Imperial task force was attacking a military port to his south, forcing him to immediately deploy mage reinforcements to help protect the supply ships.

With his forces exhausted afterward, and there being no food to feed them, Truger knew he was in no position to mount a counteroffensive. The general was in his office, dealing with the administrational aftermath of the attack, when his subordinate would come with a new report.

"Sir, we've received a maximum-priority message from back home. Please read this."

"What is this insignia?"

From behind a mountain of paperwork, Lieutenant General Truger expressed his confusion.

"I've never seen this, either. What's it say here? Integrated Form 1?"

"With the Department of War being reorganized as the Department of Defense, the navy and army are now both under the same command. I heard they were going to reformat all our paperwork."

He waved his hand and sent his subordinate away, sighing deeply while he read over the paper.

"So the folks back home are quick when it comes to whipping up shit like this to send over with the highest priority."

Where provisions wouldn't find their way, mundane problems reached him with utmost haste. Lieutenant General Truger read over the report with regret in his eyes.

The paper his accountant was so kind in bringing him spelled out in the most direct of terms the supply issues that were occurring across Ildoa.

"We could win in an all-out battle, but it's taking us too long to get to the battlefield."

They had the firepower. They had cannons and shells. Observational equipment and trucks to get these around. All the fuel they could ask for.

If he gave the order, his brave soldiers would head north without question. If he followed navy doctrine, there was little reason for him to keep his forces in the south, but moving north now meant the Ildoans would starve.

"We came here to fight the Imperial Army. What the hell is this?"

Truger let out a large sigh.

"The shipping problem is far too severe. If only we didn't need to distribute the Ildoans' food for them..."

The man bit down on the cigar in his mouth and looked down on the strategic map left on his desk.

"Currently, the Imperial Army has thirteen divisions and three panzer divisions."

The equipment for these units were, as far as he could tell, still in good condition. Conversely, the Alliance was in poor shape.

While Ildoa boasted thirty divisions, plus the Unified States' infantry divisions and a single naval squadron... with the exception of the Royal Guard units, these were mostly weaponless.

"We could arm them, but..."

They didn't have enough ships to bring the weapons they needed to Ildoa. While ships were being built as fast as they could back home, it wasn't possible to bring everything they needed right now.

The New World and the Old World were separated by a vast amount of space. Just bringing this number of soldiers along with the immense provisions to keep them supplied across the great sea that divided them was a feat in itself.

"If our boats weren't being used to carry wheat, I could ship twenty of our own divisions along with a couple of Ildoan ones to the north and execute our Plan B to surround and destroy the main Imperial forces."

The Unified States had two choices: to bring wheat to Ildoa or bring its forces north. There was no choice for the good soldier to make, no matter how much of a warrior they were.

"If we send our soldiers north... the starvation of those in the south will be pinned on us."

Was a military victory worth the lives of civilians? It was a military dilemma that a democratic nation never wished to face.

"The folks back home won't let us do that... And we certainly can't let innocent people die."

He dropped his cigar into his ashtray and signed the papers before looking at a new set of documents that similarly described limitations due to deficiencies. They had the boats. These boats were carrying what the nation needed.

"Just look at this mess."

Being forced with the laborious task of taking care of southern Ildoa had the Unified States writhing in pain and left Truger chuckling wryly to himself. He had an idea of what the Empire was going to do next.

"Judging by the current situation... the moment we seize the Ildoan capital and any major cities in the north, our supply lines will be forced to carry an even heavier burden."

The capital and some of the northern cities were where most of the population lived. As the Unified States entered the conflict, its chief concern had been urban warfare, but it now looked more and more like advancing north would tax their supply lines more than their own military.

## UNIFIED YEAR 1927, THE LOVE NEST FROM WHICH LOVE SHALL BE SHARED WITH ALL DURING THIS SEASON OF LOVE

A date was an outing. Loria knew that he and he alone was suited to go on a date with his precious fairy, and that those who sought to interfere with his love deserved nothing but death by his own hands. This much was fact, and yet, he was conflicted, for there was little he could do against that wretched Zettour!

With this in mind, Loria's sworn enemy-a little shit that needed to be killed, a stain that needed to be purged from history itself-had wronged him and the world once more. In Ildoa, this time. Knowing that the unforgivable, utterly detestable Zettour was greatly cherishing the precious fairy Loria had such pure feelings for filled him with a blistering rage that erupted from the depths of his soul.

Were it any other enemy, simply killing them would be enough to end all this... but dealing with a wicked evil that sought to so overtly interfere with his path to love made this a war.

It was all in the name of love and purity that the man was towering with rage and passion. Each and every breath he took was an unabashed protest to the irrationality and injustice that plagued his worldview.

Each breath Loria took was, for him, a curse against his unforgivable, sworn enemy for taking his precious fairy away from the eastern theater. In this way, Loria's worldview was undergoing a grand shift.

It was almost genuine of him, in a sense. Loria saw himself as a pure man experiencing pure love, pushing forward in his pursuit of that love.

As a higher-ranking official for the Federation, he had any given number of options available to him, along with their varied potential outcomes, but he wouldn't act so rashly.

It should be obvious, but he was capable of handling any amount of work in the name of love. In the name of his future. Our future!

With profound resolution, Loria diligently made arrangements from within the Federation until the fateful day came for the big meeting, where with great vigor, he would sound the cautionary alarm warning of the Imperial menace to his peers.

"As you can see... the situation in the Ildoan theater has taken a turn for the worst. It's due to yet another one of the Empire's evil and inhumane tricks. The dirty bastard Zettour-rotten to the core-in all his impulsiveness, has done away with all logic and morals and is trying to fool the entire world to-"

"Comrade Loria. While I do appreciate you calling together today's meeting, I fail to see the point of this statement."

"Oh, right, Secretary General. My deepest apologies... It seems that the sheer absurdity of the matter at hand has made me a bit overzealous."

Loria shook his head and took a moment to correct his breathing. It was paramount that he maintain his composure to face the unjust world he was subject to. Even if the room he shared with the party secretariat for this secret meeting was chillingly cold, he still needed to exert tremendous effort to cool his own nerves.

"Allow me to clarify myself... The Empire is using Ildoa as the stage for a trick."

With a loud smack, Loria gestured toward a tuft of documents he held in his other hand as he spoke.

"These papers spell out the crafty, yet highly logical scheme to embroil the Unified States in Ildoa. Despicable stain he may be, our enemy has devised quite a plan."

It was all as plain as day. Loria's peers didn't need to be as crafty to understand, but nevertheless, it was somehow lost on them, forcing him to tell those who knew not of love what he saw.

"Yes, yes. Now quiet down, there's no need to get riled up about it. While it does indeed at a glance seem as if the Empire initially dug its own grave by pulling the Unified States into this war... it was not without unexpected merits for the Empire, however exceedingly short-term they may be."

It all comes down to this.

Loria raised his voice once more.

"The US aid for Ildoa, primarily regarding their humanitarian aid, will inevitably put immense pressure on their overseas shipping. This results in our nation being able to receive less help from the outside. Not even Imperial raiding on our commerce could've dealt a blow this heavy."

A few of his peers looked up, showing a shared pain in their own expressions. The Federation, too, was in dire straits when it came to acquiring much-needed resources. They could likely get along without the support should they need to, but seeing as total war was taking its toll on their nation, it was better for them to have access to support if they could.

Loria took on a brighter tone when he spoke next.

"Looking at a more positive point, our new allies will force the Empire to split its war front in Ildoa. The presence of a second war front should lighten the burden on our end. This is a fact. This is also something we've requested from our fellow Alliance members, including the Commonwealth, many times."

Loria took a short pause before continuing. He felt as if he was being cheated. It was painful for him to say this out loud, but he needed to.

"They've yet to fully answer our requests in a meaningful way. The reason for this is due to the narrowness of Ildoa. To truly pin the Empire there, they need more land to maneuver."

There was no need to look at the map to imagine this. Geography was everything in war, and the fight in Ildoa was being fought on a long, thin peninsula, stretching from north to south, and incredibly narrow from east to west. Compared to the massive expanse of land that the Federation and Empire shared, the divide between north and south in Ildoa was but a smidgen of land.

The width of the peninsula was the maximum size the front could ever reach.

It was far too ideal for building an efficient defensive line. Despite this, it was also very easy to gain depth in the long peninsula. It was a geography that was easy to defend and difficult to attack.

Loria let out a sigh as he continued to lament.

"This is a truly wicked con he's pulling. The Commonwealth, Unified States, and Ildoa will fight with the Empire here. As if they are the lone protagonists of this heroic tale."

It was easy for him to imagine the repeated advances and retreats the other nations would make while acting as if they were brothers in arms with the Federation, but the reality of all this?

Loria didn't attempt to hide his astonishment as he continued.

"What they're doing is entertaining the Empire's game of cat and mouse. All while we're engaged in a much more intimate dance here, which has brought us to the brink of exhaustion."

Loria's only wish was to dance as intimately with his fairy. For him, he needed to enjoy the fruits of his adoration for his precious fairy before her purity expired. They needed to dance together, sing together, lament together, pant together, and feel each other's love. Despite this, there was nothing happening in the Federation where he was stuck. As a hunter and teacher of love, Loria was sure that if there existed a true evil in this world, it was Zettour. It fell upon Loria to stir up rage among his fellow comrades for the man who knew no shame.

"And thus, my comrades, on top of having the resources that were meant for us sent to the new war front, we're in danger of the Alliance members in the west taking credit for winning this great war."

With resentment in his eyes, Loria gave the members sitting in on the meeting a stern look before shouting out his denunciation of the injustices befalling them.

"It is akin to them stealing a lover right from a bed that we have so diligently prepared."

Just imagining this was enough to make Loria's own heart pound in his chest.

Oh, my fairy. My precious, precious fairy. You deserve nothing more than to kneel before me and chirp your graceful song! Here, where you belong! It is my duty to pluck this flower before it fully blossoms and its petals fall to the ground!

"We cannot allow this injustice to occur! It must be prevented at all costs! You hear me? At all costs! We must stop this!"

"Comrade Loria, I really must point out that your final statements somewhat... lack composure."

"Please forgive me. I can get excited when it comes to my anxiety for the future of the Federation, and when it comes to propagating the ideals of socialism and how the world should be."

"Of course. Now, tell me on behalf of Internal Affairs. How do you see this coming to an end?"

Ask and you shall receive.

This was a simple decision for Loria.

"We fear the Imperial Army will soon abandon the Ildoan capital it currently occupies."

"This is... assuming the Unified States successfully takes it back, yes?"

"That's correct, General Secretary. While we do the real fighting here and slowly advance along our front, the US forces, only having recently entered the war, will claim what the ignorant masses will interpret as a dramatic victory. That poses a considerable problem in terms of propaganda."

Love was omnipotent.

That's precisely why it always won.

That's why Loria, who lived only for love, could see through the hackneyed act that Zettour was putting on with Ildoa as his stage.

"That rotten bastard, Zettour, is a first-class con artist."

"This is well known by us all."

"General Secretary..." Loria shared some advice from the heart. "If we do not cut off the hands with which he sleights, cut out the tongue with which he slithers, and remove the eyes with which he winks his signals... then the world may very well fall for his trick."

"Comrade. While what you say makes sense, it is far too conceptual."

A concept. Yes, it was understandable that men who lacked love in their life wouldn't fully comprehend Loria. It likely wouldn't make sense to a man not intoxicated on the cocktail of love and passion. Loria, who was awakened to true love, felt sympathy for his superiors who lived only for their work.

Out of humility, he straightened his posture before staring the secretariat right in the eyes and, after a brief pause, spoke up.

"Yes, I apologize. The true threat is that the Ildoan war front has garnered too much of the world's attention. Currently, there is a growing chance that the plight of the Ildoan civilians will spread to third-party countries where the Imperial Embassy maintains relations, resulting in the relief activities shifting even more toward Ildoa."

When it came to using media in propaganda warfare, the Empire was hardly a threat up until this point, but this was because the nation only ever tried to use media in the realm of justifying its own military actions. The anti-Empire sentiment in the media was as solid as stone, so it would be impossible to keep the media from running a story about the Empire treating its occupants inhumanely by driving them to starvation. The dirty devil Zettour was trying to take advantage of the propaganda machine that the Federation poured so much blood and sweat into.

"This will lead to a drastic decrease in supplies being sent to our forces who are locked in true battle with the Empire. The US forces are doing nothing more than allowing the Empire to buy time, while playing it off as if they are the true heroes of this war."

The Federation couldn't allow such injustice to occur, and it fell on Loria to bring his comrades together to firmly reject the adultery afoot.

"We must claim the initiative in the east for our own and use it. The world must know it is the Federation that defeated the Empire. That the party led the Alliance to victory and was the greatest contributing factor to it."

Which brought Loria to his proposal.

"I suggest we attack during the winter."

## DECEMBER 25, UNIFIED YEAR 1927, THE OUTSKIRTS OF THE ILDOAN CAPITAL

Spread thin throughout the Ildoan capital, the Imperial Army's 203rd Aerial Mage Battalion and its leader, Lieutenant Colonel Tanya von Degurechaff, currently serve as the rear guard for the Imperial Army. It is with shivering hands that each of the mages holds a single cup of eggnog that was included in their Christmas rations this year.

The bulk of the army has already left the capital. The same goes for the majority of the Salamander Kampfgruppe, too, as Colonel Uger made special arrangements to transport Captain Meybert and all of his heavy equipment, which should already be en route for the Empire's capital.

Tanya and her mages are left behind to act as watchdogs to head home last. Strictly speaking, there are still a few Imperial units remaining in the capital as quote unquote occupants. As far as I can tell, the arrangements have also been made for these select units to make their full retreat before long. They'll all head north the moment the orders are given, and Tanya's orders are to protect them while they are on the move. Worst-case scenario, the Salamander Kampfgruppe still stuck here will have to fight their way north.

Thus, it is only natural for the less experienced mages like Lieutenant Wüstemann to be a bit anxious about our current deployment. Even my leftand right-hand officers, Lieutenant Serebryakov and Major Weiss, have tenserthan-usual expressions.

My mind, on the other hand, is plagued more with a question than it is anxiety.

It's good that we've made preparations for a swift retreat should the enemy attack, but I can't help wondering if there is a need to wait for the enemy to make the first move.

"Hey, Major Weiss."

"What is it, Colonel?"

"I was just thinking that, seeing as the lion's share of our forces have already left, don't you think it is about time we roll out the red carpet for our enemies?"

My first officer responds with a confused look.

"I believe it's our duty to prevent an attack."

"But what of the intention of our duty? Is it not to give our allies time while they retreat?"

"Well, yes, that is correct."

Her first officer nods, but not without a doubtful look, which I address frankly.

"Why not invite them here?"

"Is it okay for us to do that...?"

"The plan is to abandon this position either way, and I'm certainly not a fan of surrendering initiative to our enemies. Feigning a Christmas party or some kind of commotion while we retreat would make for a much better scenario in my mind."

A small clap rings out as I come up with a new idea on the spot.

"Was it the Alliance forces that showed up around the capital outskirts?"

"Yes. It appears to be a combined task force made up of US, Ildoan, and Commonwealth forces."

"If we ran a little recon in force and made it evident that this area is empty... Do you think they'd follow us back?"

Major Weiss crosses his arms and thinks with his eyes closed for a brief moment before eventually nodding.

"I think we could lure them out. It won't be hard to convince the Ildoan soldiers."

"Ideally, we would draw out a US unit."

Major Weiss cocks his head at the remark.

"May I ask why?"

"For political reasons. We want it to look like the Unified States is swooping in to save the day."

Major Weiss says, "I see," and though his tone makes it clear he doesn't quite follow Tanya's logic, he rubs his chin as he gives it some more thought.

"I believe their base is nearby, too... We know where the US Marines have set up. They have mages stationed there, so I'm sure they would try to intercept us."

While this is the answer Tanya is looking for, she can't help but sigh.

"They are the same mages who broke the international rules of war and ignored my complaint."

For people like Tanya, the navy types are always the most difficult to understand. The marines volunteer for the job out of patriotism but at the same time use shotguns against humans. According to the Imperial interpretation of the laws, it is stated pretty implicitly that the use of shotgun-style weaponry is inhumane because it causes unnecessary suffering by maiming its targets.

"I hate that it has to be them who are the heroes."

"I don't quite follow..."

My first officer gives me a confused look, which prods me to take a firm tone as I inform him about my current concerns.

"Listen, what we need is a hot-blooded idiot that we can lure into this place. Hot-blooded as the marines may be... they're a bit too disciplined to play right into our hands."

I let out a sigh and shake my head.

"Maybe we should steal their flags. Yes, a nice little game of capture the flag might be just the ticket."

"Capture the flag...?"

"I bet if we raid their base and steal a big flag, they'll almost certainly chase us back here."

They'll chase us like it's a bullfight.

Although, these are some dangerous bulls, and we'll receive far less honor and prestige than the matadors. Alas, 'tis but another aspect of a bleak work environment.

I swallow my last sigh and steel my nerves while I make the decision.

"Alert the remaining troops in the capital. We are going to draw the enemy in!"

"Let us make this Christmas a merry one."

## THE SAME DAY, THE ALLIANCE MAGE TROOPS

Justice would prevail. It was how justice worked, and why those who were just could win. Always. This was how the world needed to be. Not because of logic or reason. It was just how things were meant to be, and First Lieutenant Mary Sue knew what she, a just person, must do.

"Our allies are under attack?!"

Mary was the first to stand up upon hearing the terrible news.

As a mage for the multinational volunteer unit and as a mage who fought under the Commonwealth, she felt indebted to the US Marines. It was their mages who came in to fight alongside the multinational volunteers a few days prior while they defended the port. They were reliable allies who had managed to make the Imperial mages send over a formal complaint after the battle was over.

Mary could not sit idly by if they were in trouble.

Moved by impulse, she ran straight for the command center.

"Colonel Drake! Please send me!"

"First Lieutenant Sue..."

Sue's commander looked dumbfounded. Clearly upset by the motion, he glared at Mary before letting out a sigh.

"First Lieutenant, the only report we've received is that there was contact with the enemy. They haven't sent a request for reinforcements."

"Are we to remain here while our friends are attacked?!"

Mary retorted with the most earnest of expressions, to which Colonel Drake lazily responded with his cigarette in his mouth.

"We're the reserve forces, First Lieutenant."

"So the reserves are here to watch our allies perish?!"

"You need to listen to what I'm saying, First Lieutenant. We are the Alliance's strategic reserve forces stationed here in Ildoa."

A big puff of smoke left Drake's mouth as he spoke.

"Do you know what that means? That we can't just up and go when we feel like it. You learned the importance of maintaining reserves back during training, didn't you?"

He spoke as if he were speaking with a child. Despite Mary's best attempt to show her objection with her eyes, it was clear Colonel Drake had no intentions of hearing her plea while he smoked that cigarette of his, something that rubbed Mary entirely the wrong way.

"Colonel, ever since you've been promoted to your new rank, you've grown complacent."

"What are you trying to say, First Lieutenant...?"

"Does your rank really matter to you that much?! So much that you can sit and watch your friends die?!"

Colonel Drake furrowed his brow at Mary's shouted verbal attack and shoved his cigarette into his ashtray before slowly getting out of his chair.

"First Lieutenant, do you understand what you're saying right now?"

"I'm asking if you have no shame!"

"I don't expect you to understand politics, but it's high time you learn that the army isn't a place for you to pretend to be some hero! If you can't get this through that thick skull of yours, then you can go back to your country!"

"I'm in the multinational unit to reclaim a country for me to return to!"

With a loud slam, Colonel Drake hit his desk and shouted back at Mary.

"Then you need to understand this! And if you won't, then leave!"

"I fancy I will then!"

With another loud slam, Mary shut the door behind her while letting out a loud sigh. Filled with so much rage she didn't know what to do with, Mary took flight and left the command headquarters.

She was told to leave after all.

If he wanted her to leave so badly, then she would be happy to do him the favor.

It was time for her to do the right thing with the right people.

Mary calmed herself before heading to the barracks, where she hoped to find like-minded people.

She didn't know what to say, or if anyone would go with her.

Would everyone understand that she was in the right here?

Mary knew that as long as she was sincere, then everything would turn out okay.

There had to be people who agreed with her-people who could be her true companions. Of course they would. She was doing the right thing, after all.

When Mary opened the door to the barracks, she mustered up all the courage she could to speak up.

"Everyone! Please, listen to me!"

Mary started by making her case to her peers.

Her words hit their ears and penetrated their souls.

Each and everyone of them was a good person.

They all had the desire to do good.

To do what was right, with courage in their hearts.

Was it a curse? Or was it a blessing?

Not all of her peers would accept her plea, but not all of them would reject it, either.

However they felt, the majority chose to follow what they believed in.

Some chose to follow Mary into battle to save their allies.

Some were more reluctant, ultimately declining.

One thing was for sure, though.

That Mary Sue's calling was akin to a curse, not unlike a spell, and her words were spoken with utmost sincerity and a devotion toward helping the world.

And many would answer her call.

Thus, she took flight.

And just like she had been told to do, she left.

She flew straight for her allies who were under Imperial attack.

With her like-minded companions in tow, she flew toward more companions who were in danger.

"There they are! We have to cover them!"

Without fear, Mary and her peers flew straight into the raging battle between an aggressive Imperial mage squadron and the navy that viciously fended them off.

She was ready for a bloody battle. They all were, but she and her peers, having come here to fight for a just cause, were able to push the Imperial Army back with incredible ease, the likes of which they'd never experienced against the Imperial forces.

The Empire had been putting up a fierce fight up until that point.

The moment Mary and her fellow mages flew in, glimmering as they cried out for justice, the enemy line crumbled and quickly fled in a complete rout.

The enemy was so frail in their retreat.

Shocked by the sudden change, Mary and her fellow mages began firing off formulas to keep them from escaping with their lives, but the enemy mages were able to evade their attacks by the skin of their teeth. Despite the angry roar of the enemy commander demanding they stand their ground, the Imperial mages fled like cowards.

Mary, assisting the navy's counterstrike, charged straight into battle without a trace of fear in her heart. Where usually Colonel Drake would be barking for her to fall in line, she knew it was her duty to act as the spearhead of justice and chase down their vile enemy.

It didn't take long for the Empire to shift into a retreat formation. Perhaps some sort of spoils of war, a Unified States flag unravelled from behind one of the mages as they pathetically fled from Mary. The other mages seemed worried for her safety, as there were calls for her to stand down. She felt thankful for their concern but knew this was her chance to defeat her sworn enemy.

With her steadfast companions in tow, she would save Ildoa and the world from the Imperial menace. Having a clear goal in mind made fighting much easier. When normally there was more to be concerned about, even anguish over, by removing Colonel Drake from the picture, the world was so much simpler.

Mary charged with all her might. Through the clear, blue Ildoan skies, she chased down the wicked Imperial mages and delivered them the punishment they deserved. Every now and then, the Imperial Army would stop to try and fight back, but the sight of Mary was enough to send them fleeing once more.

"Do not run! Treacherous cowards! You shall receive swift justice!"

With rage in her heart, she let off multiple explosion formulas. The world, contorted by the magic and heat, manifested a lethal series of explosions. The sight of the Imperial mages thrown into such a pathetic panic at the blazing fire was exhilarating.

They chased their fleeing enemy. There was nothing else to consider. They had the enemy right where they wanted them. Eventually, it seemed the enemy commander gave up on trying to get her mages to hold their ground. Mary watched as her sworn enemy, the wretched Devil of the Rhine, fell into a panic similar to her subordinates and fled for her life.

The unbridled acceleration with which she flew away told the story of an enemy fleeing in fear. Mary and her mages, on the other hand, were already at their limits. Trying to shoot an enemy out of the sky took a much larger toll on a mage than fleeing for one's life did. Nevertheless... learning that she had successfully driven the enemy away quelled the flame in Mary's heart.

Fighting as the sword of justice felt good. Mary took in the moment, noticing that below her was the city. In fact, there were buildings and houses for as far as the eye could see. She pulled out a map and there was no mistaking it.

"This is... the capital...?"

This was the city that was being occupied by the Empire. She had followed the enemy mages into the city and driven them off. This city, however, was supposed to be under Imperial occupation. And yet, there were no AA guns firing at her and the other mages.

Mary, immediately overcome with suspicion, called out to those who followed her here. The group took a quick flight around the city to see what was going on. That was when she realized what she was looking at.

"There's no one here..."

The buildings that had housed the Imperial soldiers were all empty. Left behind were collapsed piles of documents written in Imperial and abandoned vehicles. There wasn't a single wretched Imperial soldier to be found. What started as a sneaking suspicion quickly turned into conviction after a few more laps around the city.

Then, it finally dawned on Mary what she had accomplished-her expression brightened immediately. She hadn't realized that they had pushed back the entire Imperial Army. Those cunning, wicked soldiers who always used their cowardly tricks to win. Mary had never had the power to fight back before. There were nights where she cried herself to sleep over her powerlessness to stop their evil deeds.

"Did we liberate... the city?"

Justice always prevailed. Pride, dignity, and determination always triumphed over the darkness. Doing the right thing, no matter how impossible it may seem, was possible for her and the mages who fought alongside her.

Mary soon regrouped with her fellow mages and found one of them had seized the flag that had been stolen from the Unified States. There were many soldiers who came from the Unified States in the multinational volunteer garrison.

"Let's hold this flag that we've reclaimed up high!"

Mary decided to march the US flag through the center of the town. The town was a ghost town at this point. Despite it being Christmas night, there was nobody to be seen outside. It was no mystery why, seeing as how the city had been occupied up until just now.

It was easy to tell just by moving through the city that it had been, too. At every corner, there was a poster or sign that seemed to be of Imperial origin asserting its detestable dominance over the poor city. What was most loathsome... were the Imperial flags that flew high for all to see in the city square.

These were the symbol of evil.

The flags, arrogantly flown over the peaceful city the Empire had dominated, sparked a rage in Mary's heart.

"This is wrong."

Mary felt she must right what was wrong.

That the existence of something wrong mustn't be tolerated.

That which must not be tolerated, that which must be done away with.

The Empire, and all evil, should be eradicated from this world, and Mary needed to do it.

This was the only way for her to correct the evils of the world, and to bring back the peace it once knew.

Mary raised her flag.

The right flag.

The flag that banished injustice.

As the liberator of Ildoa, she held it high in the city center.

It waved gloriously in the breeze.

It let the world know the Empire's end was nigh.

That the Ildoan capital had been reclaimed.

"We will not lose!"

She would bring justice to the world.

"We will destroy the Empire!"

## THE SAME DAY, THE IMPERIAL CAPITAL

It didn't take long for news to reach the Imperial Empire.

A telegram was placed on the desk of Zettour, who was enjoying a pleasant smoking break with Counselor Conrad at the time.

A large puff of smoke escaped his mouth. He held one of Rudersdorf's tuckedaway cigars in one hand and a cup of coffee in the other while discussing diplomatic matters. It was Colonel Uger who would have the misfortunate of having to barge in during the conversation.

"Sir, there's urgent news."

Colonel Uger slightly knit his brow as he waded through the thick fumes permeating the room to hand the general a sheet of paper. General Zettour took the sheet and, without looking at it, asked the colonel.

"Have we lost the Ildoan capital?"

The colonel gave a small nod, which caused Zettour to smile.

"Thank you."

The general watched as his subordinate left the room before folding his legs where he sat. He smoked in glee, occasionally looking up at the ceiling and laughing to himself-a scene that may never appear in any history books, but will certainly be described in novels.

"What, was this meant to be your Christmas present for the Alliance? You really are a criminal."

"It wasn't something I planned."

"Maybe not the date, but maybe the event."

"Counselor Conrad, it makes me sad to hear you say that."

General Zettour rubbed his chin and squinted his eyes while he bragged.

"The world wants to dream."

"And that makes you a nightmare, I presume?"

Counselor Conrad murmured this to Zettour, which warranted a wry smile from the general as he nodded in agreement.

"You're probably right. I feel the same way, after all."

"So why did the so-called Alliance fall for this?"

"It is the opposite, you see. I didn't trick them, but it is they who wish to be tricked. Everyone desires simplicity."

General Zettour took the cigar out of his mouth and held his hands out.

"It's as simple as this: Justice will prevail over the evil Empire. Pretty simple, eh? Which is why... they fooled themselves and fell for it, too."

Don't you agree? The general smiled. A gentle smile, so filled with glee. General Zettour was so happy, in fact, he was practically singing when he spoke next.

"And if the world so desperately desires to be fooled, then I shall fool them."
