## THE COMMONWEALTH EMBASSY IN ILDOA, CALL RECORD NO. HFZ115

Z: Hello. I'd like to make dinner reservations for tomorrow at the dining hall. Please bring your finest champagne for a celebration- something nice and bubbly. Do you have any recommendations? You know what, I think Ildoan wine would be appropriate for the occasion. I'd appreciate it if you could suggest a nice pairing for me. Let's start by hearing your recommendations for red and white wines.

T: I'm sorry, sir, but this is the Commonwealth Embassy. I believe you may have the wrong number.

Z: No, yours is the number I wanted to call. I'm calling to ask you to make arrangements for a feast tonight at the embassy. It's for the ambassador and me, after all. There should be plenty for us to discuss.

T: My apologies, but could I get your name?

Z: It's Hans. What's your name? You're on call for the embassy, and you don't know who I am?

T: Mr. Hans. I'm deeply sorry about this. Until we confirm your identity, I can't divulge any of our staff's personal information with you.

Z: You know what, I have no interest in your name. I'm simply asking to set up a dinner to commend this historic event. Is the embassy unable to host a party?

T: I'm sorry to say that our embassy in Ildoa is currently suspending operations. We're busy keeping our personnel safe and evacuating our citizens as the Empire makes their advance. Besides, I'm not even sure who exactly you are...

Z: Listen to me, boy. This is precisely why I'm trying to make a reservation. Have you no wits about you? Your teachers at secondary school would be crying if they heard this call. I feel pitiful just thinking about it.

T: What are you talking about? Are you a citizen in distress?

Z: No, no, no. Though that's what you may be right now.

T: Me? Is this some kind of prank call...?

Z: Goodness, not the sharpest tool in the shed, are we? Here, make sure this exact message gets to the ambassador.

T: I'm sorry, but this really sounds like someone is playing a joke on us. I'm going to hang up now.

Z: Really, now? You're going to hang up on Hans von Zettour of the Imperial Army General Staff when he's simply trying to make dinner arrangements?

T: What...? What?!

Z: This is Hans, a good friend of yours. I'm planning on having dinner tomorrow at the Ildoan Palace, and I want the ambassador to be the guest of honor. In fact, why don't you come along as well. Maybe I could teach you some manners then. Prepare yourselves to become our prisoners. Now then, I'll be seeing you tomorrow. Make sure to bring your best champagne, at the very least.

- T: Excuse me? Hello? Hello?!

## DECEMBER 5, UNIFIED YEAR 1927, THE ILDOAN FRONT

General Zettour's entourage moved with incredible speed along the Imperial offensive line while on their visit under the pretence of an inspection. The group brazenly made its way to the front-most part of the line as soon as the ceasefire was lifted. Most of the officers, fearing the risk of being there, petitioned for the general to reconsider, but he paid them no mind. He had a small platoon of aerial mages guard his envoy as they continued south.

While this was no small task for the mages at hand, the fact that General Zettour was on the front lines was a sign to them that their army was in a position that allowed him to be there. His presence on the front lines was a huge boost to the troops' morale, as the Imperial Army held commanding officers who hung out in the rear in low regard.

Thus, the arrangements for his meeting with the many division commanders progressed swimmingly, and eventually, the mages charged with protecting him were finally relieved. On the other hand, his entourage of officers and those who went ahead of the procession were now busier than ever, running around to prepare for the big meeting that... they somehow managed to get done. They even managed to procure a building with a roof. Instead of a field tent, they commandeered an Ildoan school building for the meeting. With everything ready, the Imperial officers lined themselves up in the faculty room like so many elementary school teachers. As their seizure of the building was rather rushed, the room looked exactly like it had when it was a functioning school.

The aides and adjutants had cleared out textbooks and what were likely stacks of homework to make room for their maps, creating a decidedly strange setting for the war council. In what should be a place for shaping children's futures, the staff officers were ironically drawing up plans to use their own nation's youth as kindling for the bellows of war. Nevertheless, the meeting started with an upbeat tone.

"The annihilation of the enemy's field armies is progressing well."

General Zettour calmly addressed his staff from what was once the school principal's desk.

"Our forces launched an offensive the moment the cease-fire ended. We're currently silencing enemy resistance and advancing south while expanding our gains. The operation is progressing ideally."

The general's calm demeanour made it sound like he was discussing what was for dinner tomorrow, but the experts he had assembled nodded in agreement with his assessment. Each and everyone of the officers in the room held General Zettour, who had all but single-handedly pulled off this unprecedented success, in the highest regard.

"The enemy numbers a hundred forty divisions on paper, but only around seventy of them are meaningfully functional. We've already attrited their strongest units with our initial assault. We gave them a week's worth of time, but it appears as if we were the ones who made the most of it."

General Rudersdorf's unforeseen postmortem attack on Ildoa was progressing surprisingly well. The confusion the higher officers had initially felt toward the strategy and command was completely absent from their faces. The fact of the matter was that the Empire was winning its campaign in Ildoa. Therefore, all General Zettour had to do for this meeting was lay out the numbers.

"We've witnessed overwhelmingly positive results by abandoning key positions and focusing purely on destroying the enemy. We have successfully reduced the enemy's strength to approximately seven divisions. In contrast, we have twenty-two divisions that are still in fighting condition. Experience is truly great, gentlemen. We are handily winning this war."

The listeners responded to Zettour's inviting words with ambiguous smiles that seemed to be a mixture of bitterness and joy. For warriors as seasoned as them, his words created an indescribable emotion.

Is victory this easy?

The attack on Ildoa was a strategic surprise. no one had foreseen the timing of its execution. Setting aside the difficulties with the seasonal weather, the Empire launched their offensive almost immediately after Ildoa announced its alliance with the Unified States, something meant to keep the Empire at bay. Stunned by the attack, Ildoa was caught off guard in the initial fighting. The weeklong cease-fire should have given the country more than enough time to reorganize its troops, and yet, the Empire still maintained its victorious position.

The secret behind the Imperial Army's success was their ability to retain the initiative while causing absolute havoc with limited resources, allowing them to devastate the enemy's forces without tying themselves down to any given location. This was a strategic victory for the Empire, something the generals were eager to praise, even if only on the inside. These gentlemen were, in the end, soldiers-generals, at that. Even if they were to allow themselves to bask in their current victory, they made sure to keep reality in the forefront of their

minds.

"I have a question, General. While it's clear we've dealt the enemy field armies a crushing blow, isn't the seven divisions estimate a bit too... optimistic?"

"What makes you think that?"

"Time. It won't be long before the enemy's reserves inevitably mobilize. Furthermore, Ildoa, unlike the current combatants of this war that have exhausted a great many mages in previous battles, should have a considerable surplus of mage units."

"You're right about that. They are bringing in their reserves and deploying fresh mages as we speak. However, they will only raise their numbers."

The commanding officers showed a collective confused look at General Zettour's assertion. Evidently, his answer was beyond their imaginations.

"These new soldiers, gentlemen, will be completely unarmed."

"Unarmed? Is Ildoa having a hard time procuring equipment? Even if that is the case, it's only a matter of time before a problem like that is resolved."

"Precisely," General Zettour said. He already had the answer to that problem and gave the staff officers a light scolding. "You're right about time resolving the issue. Somebody will give them what they need."

This was where he corrected the gentleman.

"That time will not come as soon as you're assuming. I can promise this much, though I can't say exactly when it will be."

Now that he held everyone's attention, General Zettour paused for a moment as an easy grin appeared on his face.

"You see, we've commandeered all of their heavy equipment."

As General Zettour oversaw logistics and had a long-running insight into how his own nation functioned, he felt confident sharing his conclusion with his subordinates.

"We've taken the bedrock of their industry from them."

"Does that include their means of production?"

He nodded.

"Of course. We have secured more than ten divisions' worth of artillery along with their production lines in Northern Ildoa. We gathered enough during the cease-fire period to meet our own needs. Let's just say, it's a good thing we attacked the Ildoans before they attacked us." Though the general's eyes were roaring with laughter, he continued in a calm monotone. "If we include the outdated equipment and supplies the enemy left behind that we've destroyed, it's quite clear we acquired their newer gear."

Northern Ildoa was the nation's most developed industrial area. This applied to its infrastructure, factories, and people. Losing anyone of these was a fatal blow to Ildoa's military-industrial supply chain. The Empire managed to obtain irreplaceable strategic resources that the Ildoans simply couldn't afford to lose. Their capture was more significant than it would be for the Empire to lose its industrial lowlands.

Were this any other war like the ones they had fought in the past, Ildoa's defeat would've been thoroughly decided at this point, but still they continued to resist. This was a dreadful fact-a fact that General Zettour knew in his soul that he alone regarded with true fear.

He had the misfortune of having no friends to share his concerns with, and what a lonely fate it was. He yearned for his old friend in moments like this, but this was the consequence of the crime he had committed. Therefore, the general was forced to keep his fear to himself, maintaining his composure as he pressed on with the meeting.

"We continue to enjoy local superiority."

General Zettour spoke arrogantly, just like he knew his friend Rudersdorf would have. He continued to speak with the confidence of the fearless general, an image he'd created for himself.

"From a purely military point of view, we have been able to enhance our ability to crush the enemy. This is a privilege that can only be capitalized on now. Therefore, we must use all our strength to cut down what remains of the enemy's field army."

Zettour paused, scanning the room for any objection. Were this politics, this would be the moment someone tried to stop him. Alas, such a sight was absent from this room. His peers watched with hopeful eyes, waiting eagerly for his next words.

Good, Zettour thought as he nodded with the slightest hint of resignation.

"Our objective is simple. We will ride this momentum to capture the Ildoan royal capital."

The room filled with a mixture of gulps and excited grunts.

Though maybe a bit repetitious, Zettour decided to drive the point home.

"Let me be clear about this: I need you all to understand that our goal is not to occupy their capital."

He paused, allowing the room to grow silent before sharing his intentions with them.

"Our true goal is what it has been this entire time-to defeat the enemy military. Therefore, it's important that the means serve the end. We must force the enemy into a defensive position, confining them within their capital. This is the key."

Confirming that his words had fully sunk into the minds of his commanders, General Zettour quickly shifted to discussing the situation at hand.

"As a result of repelling our reconnaissance in force elements, the enemy forces have bitten into the forbidden fruit of belief in their ability to defend their capital. Judging by the newspaper reports, they believe they're winning this conflict."

The Ildoan Army had managed to gain a foothold against the advancing Imperial Army. This alone was more than enough to give them a perception of impending victory. This went double for the Unified States, whose military was new to war... Its soldiers wanted to see a dream of victory.

"They snatched the bait right up from our excellent trap. The poison known as pride should be settling in their guts right about now. It's nice to know that all it takes is the wave of a hand to please these people."

They had made sacrifices for their "hard-earned" victory, so it definitely wasn't something they would give up easily. These coalition members had already won the war in their eyes, and no one was willing to let go of a victory they believed was rightfully theirs.

General Zettour was sure that both public opinion and the enemy's ego were under the intoxicating influence of the sweet ale of victory. That was what his experience in the Empire told him was happening. Even Ildoa, which adhered strictly to its raison d'état, could not escape succumbing to the monster known as public opinion. With this knowledge in mind, General Zettour was practically bragging to the staff officers.

"For the enemy, the capital is their white elephant."

It was a masterful trick the general was playing. The royal capital, in all its sanctity and status, wasn't something the enemy could allow themselves to give up without a fight. The illusion of honor was nothing more than a nonperforming loan that their opponents refused to abandon and would ultimately lead to their demise. History holds a wealth of knowledge to be learned from.

"The enemy will go to great lengths to protect the irreplaceable. This will prove quite painful for them, so it's only humane that we put them out of their misery."

No army would abandon the royal capital they fought tooth and nail to rescue. It was a well-known fact that soldiers were reluctant to even reorganize the front line if it meant abandoning a position they believed they were holding on to. The Imperial staff officers knew this well, which was why there was no room for misinterpreting General Zettour's intentions. Their goal was to destroy the enemy field army, and the royal capital was nothing more than a prop.

It turned out to be a younger, sharper officer who first raised his hand in question.

"I have a question."

"Go ahead."

"Will we be withdrawing from the capital once we take it over? If our primary targets are the field armies, I feel as if abandoning the capital early may be prudent, depending on the scenario."

"Ahh." Zettour gave the young commander a warm nod. "That's a fantastic question."

It was a highly applicable question, given the parameters the commanding officers had to engage with the problem, one that showed Zettour that his war experts were brilliant in their own right. At the same time, such a question appeared to be the best they could come up with, so Zettour simply gave them the answer he already had in mind.

"To be square with you, it's hard to tell at the moment."

"Do you mean to say you're trying to have it both ways if you can, sir?"

The younger commander gave Zettour a dubious look, which was met with a shrug of the shoulders and jest.

"Withdrawing after our occupation is something I am indeed considering. Ultimately, if it comes down to deciding between land or troops, we will prioritize defeating the enemy's troops. However, taking their capital would be akin to taunting the world with a red matador cape. This is something I want to take advantage of, if possible." The general maintained his composed tone. "That's why we're merely going to run the auction on the city, as far as I'm concerned. If the enemy takes the bait and is willing to place a high bid, we'll squeeze every last coin out of them before handing over the remains. We want to sell for the highest price possible."

Zettour then took out a cigar, as if to signify it was time for a smoke break. He took a few moments to scan the room once more to be certain that his words were settling in before proceeding once more.

"Everything depends on whether or not the enemy is willing to place a bid in the first place."

Zettour spoke as if he was a detached observer.

"If the New World, namely, the Unified States military, shows no interest, then there is no need for us to be a stickler about holding on to an empty capital. The city will have its peace, and it will amount to a slap in the face for us."

The most important thing for Zettour was that his opponents took this bait. If the enemy showed no interest in the capital, then he would have to figure out a way to make them interested.

It was his strategy against the world. He would lie and con every single person on the face of the planet if he had to. In the name of love and duty, Zettour would commit any deed necessary for the sake of the Empire.

"Whatever the case may be, the overarching objective of this campaign is to solidify the Empire's borders."

This was a big, fat lie, of course, but it came out smooth as silk.

"And our army has already achieved the first step toward this goal. We've already won."

Thieves tend to be liars before ever becoming thieves.

Zettour knew that his words were brazen lies-that they were empty. He thought about how much his imbecile of a friend Rudersdorf must have acted the part... about how vulnerable he must have been behind his always-tough exterior. Zettour felt so alone.

What caused the general the most fear and sadness was how deeply moved he could tell his commanders were just by looking at their faces. He met their shower of compliments and commendation with what could only be described as a vague expression. He had no qualms about fooling the world, but it was different when he had to deceive his own family. Nevertheless, this was his sin -his duty-to shoulder. He swallowed his doubts and continued to speak without batting an eye.

"We've delivered a heavy blow to our enemy, particularly the Ildoans. Our occupation of the north will impact not only the strategic depth of our campaign down the peninsula, but also the Ildoan Army's industrial foundation itself."

This campaign was the Empire's first success in a long time, which must've been why his speech was being received so well by the commanders.

Perhaps it was a sign of their confidence when it came to the realm of pure military tactics. Their expressions caused Zettour to let out an ever-so-slight yet strained smile.

"What's this? You're grinning, General."

Zettour waved away the jovial remark.

"Sometimes it can be difficult to keep everything bottled up inside."

He and his audience shared big smiles with bright and shiny faces. Was the mood due to their presence in Ildoa? If that was the case, then Zettour worried he might really end up harbouring a true hatred for this country... even if this attack was his own fault.

"I'm glad we came here."

"General?"

"The air is clean. It's quite refreshing. And the weather makes you remember when we used to come out here to escape the Empire's bitter winters. But best of all, there's a war for us to win. I can't imagine there's a better place for us to be right now."

The entire room burst out in laughter. These grown men guffawed like young children. The general sat down in the school principal's chair, watching his comrades engage in friendly banter. Nobody made an attempt to hold back their unbridled laugher in the school building. It was a good spot for the middleaged military men to share a dream of victory, this school building in a faraway land. Would these men-the Empire-be able to defy the laws of nature?

Ah, if only I were younger...

Zettour wore a wistful smile. It was clear to him that he had pretended to be human for too long-he hardly considered himself a person anymore. He didn't know whether to grieve, sneer, or laugh about this. So instead, he simply shook his head and banished those unnecessary thoughts. He reached for his army tobacco and began smoking. The puffs of smoke he exhaled conveyed an annoyance he couldn't express with words while he waited for the room to calm down before rising suddenly with the cigarette still in his mouth. Once he had everyone's attention, he spoke again.

"Now that we've won the first phase, the goal for the second phase is to establish a defensive line."

The assembled commanders gave him a knowing look. They all nodded to show they understood. To put it plainly, now that the threat to the south had been greatly reduced, the Empire needed to firmly secure its new territories. The problem was what came thereafter.

"We shall secure a deep foothold in the Ildoan peninsula. I'd like to create an environment where we can focus purely on the eastern front."

They were going to transfer their military from Ildoa to the other front after their victory. The dogma of the interior lines strategy was certainly familiar to military generals who had served in previous wars.

"That said, I won't hesitate if we can cut down our enemy when given the chance. It's always ideal to make the enemy pay dearly with minimal sacrifice on our part." Zettour intentionally showed his commanders a wicked grin. "That's why we'll be sure to teach the Ildoan upstarts a lesson before we head back east. The same goes for our friends from the New World. They must learn firsthand why the Empire should be feared. Therefore, I wish for each of you to understand that our attack on the Ildoan capital is nothing more than a small bonus for us."

It was a little treat for the Empire while they solidified their southern border. They would use their power to menace their enemies-that was all, really. Though it sounded simple, this would challenge each commanding officer to carefully weigh when to advance and when to pull back... a challenge each of Zettour's staff officers would be more than willing to take on. He could tell there was no need to be concerned after giving the room a quick scan before taking his seat in the principal's chair yet again.

He continued to smoke his tobacco while answering a few follow-up questions. With that, this meeting came to an end without a mountain of ash piling up in the ashtrays. The empty ashtrays marked a peaceful meeting, one without shouting, anguish, or idle complaints about difficult tasks. Nothing like victory and quick progress to bring people together. It was evident that victory was a panacea that solved all problems. That was why it was so alluring during

times of war. A military victory relieved an array of maladies and soothed otherwise unendurable pain, even if that comfort was fleeting.

That being said, it could be difficult to swallow a victory at times. From General Zettour's perspective, much of what he claimed to be in the name of victory was nothing more than a secondary objective plastered in a veneer of military rationale. Sweet, sugar-coated logic that made the pill easier to swallow for Imperial soldiers. The medicine they needed to take was a far cry from true victory. The reality was that Zettour personally sought to dig deeper into the abyss to establish a foxhole from which he would launch a much craftier assault.

He had no interest in whether or not the attack on the royal capital was a success. His only intention was to entangle the Unified States in this war to create a convenient, new enemy. He knew most of his commanding officers wouldn't be able to understand why. This was because it was more of a swindle than a feat of military might. A cool, wicked plot that would invoke an emotional response from his enemies... a political ploy.

Soldiers, especially Imperial soldiers, who knew little of politics, refused to pay any attention to the very politics that determined the fate of their nation. That was why their smiling faces seemed so bright to Zettour. He loathed the sight, though he didn't know why... Perhaps it was a manifestation of his own weakness.

After the meeting came to its end, the officers left the school building in groups of twos and threes, while General Zettour walked toward a vehicle that had come to pick him up... alone. Neither his adjutant nor any other staff officer was with him. Even his security detail of mages had been sent home. It wasn't a sight befitting the deputy director.

The car he was being driven around in was a small, civilian vehicle that he had one of his orderlies scrounge up. The Ildoan car he had commandeered was built for comfort and certainly wasn't poorly made. It was not, however, the type of car one would expect the grand, wicked ringleader of the Imperial Army to be riding in.

It was like a game of pretend, where the army made use of what it had available to act out a campaign of military intrigue, and this was the supposed mastermind who was shaking up northern Ildoa? He didn't want to imagine how they would ridicule him in the history books. The military needed to do something about their chronic lack of funds, even if only in appearance.

I need to show history... the world... an illusion...

With that, Zettour realized that he was going to need to fool himself before he did the world. And the amazing road they were driving down certainly didn't make it easy! He sat in the back of the small car, pretending to enjoy his cigar while feeling utterly disgusted by the comfortable road he was being driven down. The pavement. The immaculate townscape. The beautiful, colourful buildings. Everything was different from the Empire. Different from the burntout Reich over which the sun was quickly setting.

He hated to admit it, but...

"Why is it so different? Where did we go wrong...?"

The Empire was good at one thing-the military-which left the fatherland in a bland shade of gray. The Ildoans' military was weak, riddled with waste. But their towns? Compared to the military superpower that was the Empire, they were incredible.

There was a time, once, when this color could be seen on Imperial streets as well. Zettour and his ilk had drained all the color from the fatherland.

Had they, the military, made a grave error in judgment when it came to prioritizing what needed protecting? The general was overcome by a chilling emptiness as he had this thought. The Ildoans used what little military power they had for politics. Conversely, the Empire used its oversized military might without paying politics any heed, and this was what had brought the two nations to where they stood today.

Zettour, sitting alone in the back of the comically tiny car, wondered whether or not the other staff officers realized the difference in color.

"Nobody questions this..."

He grumbled this to himself, but he knew it needed to be said aloud. The Empire needed to know that all that effort it put into war was coming back to bite it in the ass.

"It's worse than that..."

Imperial soldiers weren't idiots. If push came to shove, they could grasp the importance of politics, on a surface level at the very least. Even then, that was only if they were forced to. It would never occur to them to use politics on the battlefield.

"This is proper for an Imperial soldier."

Zettour refrained from saying any more in the presence of his driver, but he couldn't help but lament how unfortunate the situation was. It was okay to be wrong on occasion! The ability to know what was wrong, to allow for error, was what made everyone human, and what allowed them to live in peace.

He couldn't stop a sigh from escaping his mouth. The entire world was far too entwined in this war. With the Empire being long past the point of no return, Zettour was forced to focus on his countrymen facing a national crisis back home. Things were getting far too out of hand. The military experts he had around him were focused on nothing more than how to win the battle at hand. War, however, wasn't fought purely on the battlefield.

"This is total war, after all..."

The general sighed and shook his head. Total war. Totality included public image, mythos, and especially acting-when necessary.

"We have the numerical advantage and enjoy local superiority..."

The Empire was in a superior position all around the country, a fact that left the general feeling a nihilistic and cruel emptiness. In the east, the balance of power was critical. In the west, they had been forced to go on the defensive. As their enemies pinched them from either side, Zettour couldn't think of a single way to flip the hourglass that counted down to his nation's demise. Objectively, the localized superiority they enjoyed meant little to nothing in the grand scheme of things.

The general folded his arms.

Then again, objectively speaking, the inner workings of the Imperial Army weren't out in the open for a third party to judge on the Ildoan front.

"The Ildoan front is one of our last stages, and world news agencies are always looking for more juicy stories."

The general was ready to trick the entire world. He was going to be the clown that twisted the world like one big animal balloon.

"I need to put on a good show for them."

His casual monologue perfectly captured the situation he was in. He had come up with a new idea, the sort born from raw necessity. Knowing now what must be done made what he would do next unavoidable. The general spent his ride back to headquarters obsessively thinking up what kind of dastardly trick he could play.

This was a tall task but... there was a good precedent for what he wanted to do. Though it was a bit of an embarrassing memory for him, he decided to take a page from young Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff's book and announce his attack.

The same way she did back in Moskva. This was ideal. He chuckled as he remembered the announcement she made to Dacia. He would take a page from her book, combining the two attacks.

All General Zettour needed to do was play his role well, and it would be perfect. Well, more like his clear insight forced him to accept the sad fact that playing the part was the only option left for him.

With this resolution in his heart, he finally returned to the temporary headquarters, where he was escorted by guards to his next location. There he found his trusted subordinate, Lieutenant Colonel Uger, waiting with everything prepared perfectly for his return. There was so much moving around on the front line, and despite sudden changes in plans having become a daily occurrence, the temporary command headquarters was fully equipped with all the necessary functions to smoothly operate the army's command system, and this was all thanks to none other than Colonel Uger.

"Colonel Uger, perfect timing. I need you to set up an itinerary for me."

"Okay, I'm assuming there was a change in plans?"

Uger's honest response to please his superior was met with the casual dropping of a bomb on Zettour's part.

"Send a message to the commanders on the field. Tell them to begin operations. Let them know that I will be on the field as well. That is all."

"Y-you'll be on the field...?"

Uger had learned to have certain expectations for what the general was going to ask. His intuition was right about it being trouble, to say the least. The order made him visibly wince, something he knew wasn't appropriate. He quickly collected himself, putting on his best face for the general.

Zettour watched the show he'd put on for him, laughing it off.

With resolution in his heart and a false sense of playfulness, he was going to toy with the world.

"Get me a telephone."

He picked up the transmitter with a grin and called the operator. He made sure to follow the rules set by the military, though his call was hardly going to be official business-not for the army, at least. Zettour was using the phone for something personal. Seeing as it was a part of his grand scheme to deceive the world, his personal call could be seen as patriotic-superficially, at least. That said, could a personal call like this be placed while he was on duty? Even during times of peace, this was certainly breaking a litany of rules and regulations- this was during an operation in wartime. The call definitely wasn't something that would ever make it through the system.

But the general was allowed to proceed.

"Headquarters? Yes, it's me."

A request was all it took. He didn't even need to explain himself. The usually particular phone operators didn't say a peep when it was a general-the deputy director, no less-on the line. Zettour was in charge of communications, after all, which was why they didn't pry into his business, and why General Zettour was allowed to proceed with his soon-to-be historic phone call.

"Do you have their number in Ildoa? Yes, thank you."

He asked them to transfer him, and his request was fulfilled without hesitation. He was placing a call to the Commonwealth Embassy in Ildoa.

"I wonder how the ambassadors will react."

To be frank, while Zettour recognized how childish he was being, he placed his hopes in the wit of whoever ended up taking his call-the same kind of hope a child might have when they go see what's inside a toy box. He would try to stand out even more than he probably needed to, given the circumstances. The Commonwealth diplomats having a little awareness shouldn't be too much to ask for.

General Zettour, however, placed the phone back down with a bored look on his face.

"The Commonwealth has been at war for far too long. To think that lot of teachugging gents would ever lose their sense of humour."

The general grumbled to himself. He knew it was arrogant for him to think his fun trick would play out smoothly, without a single issue. Either way, he left the call learning one thing: that he didn't have the power to govern fate. A single call was all it took for him to understand this.

He could move freely through the bureaucracy of his own army. His prowess and skill allowed him to turn the military officials and their regulations upside down as he saw fit. Even then, heaven had forsaken him. For even if by coincidence, his foreign counterparts never seemed to meet his expectations.

"Well, that man sure was a stickler for the rules. Must still be wet behind the ears. I hope he's there tomorrow..."

The person he had spoken with was one of the Commonwealth's bureaucrats -a group once known for their quick-wittedness-and yet, not even they could supply him with entertainment.

He let out a sigh upon this sad realization, before Colonel Uger, who'd been watching this entire time, finally exclaimed to the general.

"G-G-General! You just divulged classified information by telling them we're going to attack!"

That was arguably the correct reaction to have at a time like this. It was clear to Zettour that Uger was being completely serious by the look on his face. Though he was a highly capable officer, he was still naive when it came to things outside of his area of expertise.

"Are you familiar with theater?"

"What's that have to do with-?"

"It's important to understand the meaning of plot, or perhaps I should call it the intricacies of human psychology."

Colonel Uger's panicked shout was met with a casual shrug. The colonel was acting so human and naive, with his obsession over always being serious and sane. The colonel's lack of experience almost made the general want to laugh.

At the same time, in comparison to Hans von Zettour, his purity almost shined like a bright light. His subordinate's ability to maintain his sense of right and wrong made Zettour feel a bit jealous-even if it was out of inexperience.

The general had been whittling away at his own soul all day long, so he opted to shake his head and stop himself from thinking any deeper about the subject. Instead, he explained the context of his actions in a way that Colonel Uger would understand.

"I, a well-known con artist, called the enemy's supreme commander. And not even to Ildoa, but to the Commonwealth Embassy."

"I have no idea what you're trying to do..."

"Exactly. And neither does the enemy."

Colonel Uger stared blankly; he was likely very confused-the same exact response Zettour intended for his enemies to have as well. He could only hope that was exactly how they were feeling at this moment.

They needed to think of him as an eccentric, inscrutable figure.

"It feels strange to not understand something, I imagine. Doubt is a breeding ground for more questions, and more doubt."

This was how anxiety was created, and anxiety gave birth to fear. Zettour wanted them to fear him-not the Empire, but he himself.

"It's the Commonwealth we're dealing with here. They take pride in their espionage. With the ghost of possibility haunting them, their thinking will grow rigid."

It was a small trick in his enemy's territory of expertise, as low-budget a production as it was. Nothing more than a quick con, and a dirty one at that, not something a respectable general would ever employ. But for Zettour, who loved his nation, he needed to use any card he could play. Logic and logic alone defined his actions. He gave a self-deprecating laugh to Uger and continued.

"The goddess of fate has forsaken me, after all."

"General?"

"As long as I leave nothing to luck, then I can win."

It was hard to tell if he said this in self-admonition or deprecation. It was an unconscious confession of how he truly felt. Though, after saying it aloud, he had no choice but to be conscious of it. Zettour took the resentment that had become pent-up in his heart and cursed his enemies.

"I'm taking out my frustration on those damn Albion diplomats."

"You are?"

"In the way a gentleman would. They do love their espionage, so I gave them something to think long and hard about. Mighty gentlemanly of me, if I do say so myself."

Colonel Uger, showing a look of utter defeat, had many things he wanted to say. This was no mystery to General Zettour, who carried on before the colonel could get a word in edgewise.

"Well, we can't let them have all the fun now, can we? We have to enjoy ourselves, too."

Zettour invited the staff officer, who looked appalled by all of this, to play a nasty game.

"And what do we do best? War is to the Empire as espionage is to the Commonwealth. Let's have some fun with this."

Colonel Uger squinted at Zettour as if his eyes were out of focus, which was when Zettour nonchalantly announced...

"I'm going to see the battlefield for myself, and I have the best seats in the house. I'll be a spectator as well as an actor on the stage of history."

Though Colonel Uger's confusion was reaching a boiling point, talk of seeing the battlefield was clear-cut enough for him to get an idea of what the general was getting at.

"I'm sorry, but what exactly are you trying to do, General?"

Zettour smiled widely as he gave his subordinate the declaration of intent he had been asking for.

"The front lines need to be visited every once in a while."

"Do you realize what you are saying, General?! Without you, the chain of command will...!"

Again, this was the correct argument to make, for the correct reason. Zettour's logic affirmed Colonel Uger's words in the fullest. But, alas, the times were changing. With the flames of total war burning away at the general, there was no argument to be made. Words and rationale didn't matter-the general needed to shock the world.

"We need to kill what people call fate. It is man who creates history, and we're going to let that damn goddess know it."

Which is why I ask you, world, to fall for this trick. I need you to recognize me as the enemy.

## THE SAME DAY, AT THE SALAMANDER KAMPFGRUPPE IN THE IMPERIAL VANGUARD

When problems occur, it's almost always out in the field. However, the root of the problem may lie elsewhere. In fact, those out in the field are oftentimes innocent victims. Major Weiss wrestles with this strange sentiment in real time when he hears the dreadful news. And how does he receive said news? Well, his expression alone is worth a thousand words-the major's agape mouth is the picture of disbelief.

"What?! He's coming to... rally the troops...?!"

"That's right," I say with a nod. I've never seen Major Weiss this thrown off by anything before. Evidently, he's having a hard time accepting this is happening. His reaction makes sense, since it really is unbelievable. I'll have to lay it out for him as clearly as possible.

"General Zettour wishes to inspect our forces. Here, with us."

"Wh-why here?! We're as far forward as you can get?!"

The first officer's doubts are legitimate. The Kampfgruppe has continued to advance to stay close to the Ildoan troops, poised to attack whenever the orders arrive.

We're standing in the eye of the storm. A bad place to be for a certain someone who is trying to come at a time like this. If only this were a scene out of a novel. It's almost difficult for me to maintain my composure as this disaster is about to befall Tanya and her troops.

"Calm yourself, Major Weiss. I'm well aware that this isn't some military parade back at the capital."

"Then you need to change his mind! If anyone can convince him, it's you!"

"I won't be able to."

My first officer isn't going to give up easily, but a wave of my hand is all it takes to let the major know resistance is futile.

"You must remember this, Major. General Zettour is a completely different species."

"You make it sound like he's an animal... Either way, coming to the front lines is far too dangerous."

"You're not wrong about that. Scouts are a daily occurrence where we are. A sniper would cry tears of joy if they caught a glimpse of the general." I cross my arms and sigh. "But tell me, do you think that means anything to the man? Do you honestly believe he'd change his mind over something so glaringly obvious?"

It's easy for me to picture the general dancing his way to the front lines fully aware of this fact. General Zettour is an intelligent and understanding man. On top of that, he's always given Tanya a fair shake. This makes him a superior who's hard to come by.

He has but one fault-and a critical one at that-in the form of his overbearing love. He loves his nation, the fatherland, and other imagined communities far too much. From my perspective, this isn't rational by any means. Which is why, on occasion, it is difficult for me to understand General Zettour's motives. Being unable to discern my superior's thoughts is a point of distress. There are times when she just can't come to an agreement with his actions.

"We must accept the fact that there are people out there willing to dive even deeper into the front line than us if deemed necessary."

The general is, in effect, a warmonger. In fact, he may well have morphed into something even more severe by now. Honestly speaking, I've always thought of General Zettour as an intellectual associate on a personal level... Has the stress finally gotten to him? This is yet another testament to the cruelty of war. Be that as it may, Major Weiss disparaging the top of their organization is disrespectful, even if he is Tanya's number two. Realizing that there isn't much use in trying to pull the wool over his eyes, I take on a tone that won't sound too severe.

"I, too, have a hard time believing a man of his intellect would ever do this... Something tells me he wants to see live combat as opposed to a conventional inspection."

"I just can't believe it. Does he think he can leisurely walk into the front line like this?"

"Remember the eastern front. There's a chance he'll happily pick up a gun."

"It's scary, but I think you're right."

I nod, fully in agreement.

"It's the general we're dealing with here. If there's a stage and a podium, there's a good chance he'll take it."

Major Weiss winces. He looks like he has something more to say but swallows it. Perhaps he's finally facing reality. With that, my first officer and I silently accept our predetermined fates and mobilize to get things done.

First things first. We hold a meeting with the officers who share the responsibility of hosting the general. This much should be obvious, but none of the officers are elated to hear the worst news of the day -that General Zettour will be inspecting the front line. Captain Ahrens gazes up at the sky in disbelief while Captain Meybert keeps himself propped up on a cannon. First Lieutenant Tospan distracts himself from reality with meticulous plans to fortify the current positions. Perhaps each of them represents their branch of the army with their different reactions, but regardless, they're still soldiers. Knowing the inevitable gives them the chance to steel their nerves, at the very least.

Tanya von Degurechaff is a being from another world. She has a second set of values that she can compare and contrast with the Empire's militarism. A set of values constructed in a peaceful, civilized society, with exceedingly unremarkable norms. This set of values is what allows her to be certain that if she has to choose between going to war and placating her superior, then ten out of ten times, she will choose her superior. That isn't to say that it is ever enjoyable to have your work schedule thrown for a spin, but she understands that freedom isn't something a person who is part of an organization can enjoy forever.

Everything comes with a price. For the army during a time of war, the sad fact is that freedom is far too extravagant to afford. When it comes down to the two options of combat and entertaining a superior, it isn't a difficult choice; of course Tanya chooses her superior. Who wouldn't? Entertaining a boss is ten billion times easier than assaulting an enemy base.

This is why I have a smile on my face when it's my turn to see the general. My people and I stand up as straight as we can to welcome him. It isn't too big of a deal for an upstanding member of society to line up with my subordinates to welcome guests.

This is what I tell myself as the general and his entourage appear, travelling surprisingly light. There aren't even that many of them to start. His security detail consists of nothing more than a few military police on bikes. As for the bike the general is riding, it appears to be a civilian vehicle. It isn't difficult for me to imagine the gastrointestinal pain his entourage collectively feels. I can almost feel it just looking at them.

The scariest part, however, is the general's expression as he dismounts the bike. With a smile on his face that is comparable only to the bright Ildoan sun shining down on us, General Zettour appears to be as happy as can be.

"Why, hello there, Colonel. I couldn't be happier to see you on this fine day."

He offers a wave with the same friendly smile. What's more, he practically skips right up to me. Something about it all feels like an act. I can hear an alarm going off in the back of my mind. It's the same level of danger I feel when an air control operator suddenly changes his tone and calls for an emergency scramble to respond to the highest threat level.

"How have you been? It feels like a nice spring day, despite it being winter."

"Why hello, General!" With every cell in my body on high alert, I answer in the most diplomatic way possible. "It must be this amazing weather, but you look so vibrant. It makes me so happy that you're here to see us!"

An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. A smile needs to be met with an even bigger smile, and empty, flowery words will be met with more over-the-top gestures.

"Well, that sure is nice of you to say. How have things been lately?"

"We have a lot to worry about due to this incessant sunshine. The unfortunate lack of clouds makes for great artillery weather."

General Zettour quietly listens and acknowledges Tanya's concerns.

"I suppose even good weather comes with its disadvantages. Though, you must admit that it is beautiful here, is it not?"

"What do you mean?"

"This is the prettiest time of year, just before the flower petals begin to fall."

This comment is so jarring that it becomes incredibly difficult to maintain my smile. What an ominous thing to say. There certainly is an elegance to the falling of beautiful flowers, but it's a bit strange coming from the man wielding a chainsaw in Ildoa's proverbial garden.

"The flowers we're here to pluck? It makes me sad to see them go."

"So sentimental. You're an elegant little flower petal on the battlefield yourself."

The only way I can respond to the light teasing is to act dejected.

"I'm nothing compared to you, sir..."

"Why do you say that? I'm trying to pay you a compliment."

"And it is an honor! But I'm merely one more soldier. A cog in the machine, loyal to my nation's will. I'm nothing in your presence."

I bear no responsibility for this! I'm simply following my legal orders! Anyone who's studied law knows these words hold little water in a court. Anyone who's studied a bit of law history, however, benefits from knowing how the laws changed over time.

For example, the phrase "I was only following orders." This was used by both sides of the First World War as a justification by various people on trial for war crimes. It was used so much, in fact, that it created the need for a court where such an excuse wasn't enough. A court that wouldn't be established... until the next major war. Which is why I, currently mired in the first of said wars, am not too worried about it. My use of this phrase is perfect. An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.

While I mull over all this as a form of escapism, General Zettour ruthlessly forces me to face reality.

"I'm glad it's an honor for you. This may be the last beautiful flower season Ildoa sees for a while, but that's none of our business. I want you to really rough them up."

The gaze he shoots me makes it clear there's no way to worm my way out of this one.

Yes is the only acceptable answer. Keeping this insight to myself, I maintain my dignified posture, standing at attention exactly the way it's shown in military textbooks.

"Just give the command, sir."

"And so I shall. The orders should be on their way now. Our priority is to devastate our enemies."

When it's put as clearly as that, the boots on the ground aren't left with much of a choice. I prepare to accept the unavoidable orders.

"Understood. Well then, General, I must go command the vanguard."

Now, if you excuse... Before I can say goodbye, the Empire's highest-ranking general appears to hold his left hand out toward me with a smile.

I stare at the extended empty hand, and Zettour grins.

"Before you leave, there's something I want from you."

I don't even have time to get a huh out.

"I need bodyguards, Colonel Degurechaff. For my security detail... I understand it's a bit unreasonable to insist on something so difficult, so I'll make do with a single mage company. Please make the necessary arrangements."

Bodyguards.

An entire company's worth.

At a time like this.

The words appear in my brain with a size and intensity that's equal to the shock I'm feeling. This is an earth-shattering request.

"What was that officer's name...? Ah, Grantz. Lend me the first lieutenant. It should be easier for me to work with him as he understands my temperament."

"General, if I may... I've only just received orders from you to attack the enemy. You made it clear that their destruction takes priority over all else, correct?"

I object... Even if there's only of a fraction of a chance of him changing his mind... I need to take it. I'll do everything in my power to resist this. Such is the nature I've acquired resisting with all my might in a futile war.

"That's correct. I need you to accomplish both orders."

I let out a sigh. I know how these things work. These are orders, and he is Tanya's superior. This explains why he came here without much of a security detail. He planned on acquiring one at his destination, which is why he brought the bare minimum for the trip here, and it falls on Tanya to provide it for him, as per direct orders.

In the Imperial Army, General Zettour's orders are law. Thus, there is only one thing a middle manager in Tanya's position can do, and that is deliver promptly without question.

It only takes a glance up at the general to realize that, in contrast to the big smile on his face, there isn't a hint of a smile in his eyes.

This isn't an environment where she can cry out, "Nein!"[1]

As much as a headache this is for her, she must comply.

"Bring Lieutenant Grantz to me! General Zettour is calling for him!"

Lieutenant Grantz, who'd been studying the war map, was suddenly overcome by a hard-to-describe chill that caused him to let out a strange cry.

The first lieutenant felt the chill creep down his spine. Even if this was Ildoa, it was still almost winter. While the time of year could have explained the strange feeling, there nevertheless was something ominous about the sensation as he took his eyes off the map and reached for a warm drink.

"Lieutenant Grantz...? Are you all right?"

"Ah, yeah. I felt strange for a second there. I'm fine, though."

Grantz waved off First Lieutenant Tospan's concerned look while he drank the warm tea.

"It was just a shake. The sun may be warm, but the air's still cold outside."

"Maybe you should see the doctor."

"It's just a random shiver. If I went to see the doctor every time I felt cold, I'd be stuck in the medical tent."

"Nothing wrong with spending a cold winter in bed now, is there?"

"The only real winter threat is the Kampfgruppe leader."

"Good one!"

Ha-ha-ha. The two first lieutenants shared a brief laugh before focusing on the map once more. It was important for them to keep the map as updated as possible since the battlefield continued to change by the minute. It was their duty to keep the freshest version of the map memorized at all times. It took quite a bit of focus to do this, which the two maintained by sipping the cheap tea that came with their rations, making sure to load it with sugar while they scanned the map. This time, however, it didn't seem like there were any major changes since they last did this sugar-charged ritual. They didn't expect the enemy to move anytime soon.

Once they finished updating the map, they would have some time to themselves. They could enjoy some of the snacks they'd purchased with their own money to go with the tea rations, and maybe even play some cards if they could find enough people. In this way, their job was easy. Once they were finished with the map, only Captain Meybert and Captain Ahrens would need to bring it to the headquarters.

The first lieutenants had a bit more leeway in their schedules, which was nice as they could take some time to relax.

This, of course, was bearing in mind that General Zettour was visiting the Salamander Kampfgruppe-there was a unique tension spread throughout the camp. Grantz, who had no aspirations to rise through the ranks, was resigned to letting the higher-ups deal with the general, though.

The majors, colonels, and generals would be in charge of tending to the general, while Grantz and Tospan hung back and handled the rank and file. They had no business mingling with the nobility, save for the off moments at military parades. Even then, they would only see them from the parade lines.

There was no need to go out of his way to see the general unless he was particularly keen on brown-nosing.

Grantz took another look at the map, committing each and every geographical feature to memory... As bland a job as it may be, he found comfort in it.

In a word, it was tranquil. In more words, he was a man who liked structure, and he couldn't ask for anything more predictable than a post like this! The good soldier that he was, Grantz was even able to find a sense of fulfilment in this position. Which was only natural, as this comfortable job was his and he made sure to do it well.

Being able to mess around with Tospan over some card afterward was just a bonus. After finishing up, the two of them set out to find the other soldiers to join them in a game, but they ended up being stopped by a single soldier, who came right over to them. For Grantz, who motioned to invite the soldier to their card game, what came out of the soldier's mouth was like a bolt from the blue.

The soldier came with orders for Grantz to report to the Kampfgruppe HQ. Orders like these were usually given over the radio if they were urgent. The fact that a soldier relayed the message verbally usually meant that it wasn't too high priority. What was strange was that the soldier came on a bike with a sidecar to bring Grantz back with him.

"Did something happen to the colonel?"

He asked the driver of the bike, but he was informed that it was the colonel who called for his presence. Being the experienced officer he was, this was enough for Grantz to know that either new enemy troops had arrived in their area of operations or there was a change in strategy. There was also a chance their battalion was volunteering to participate in a major offensive.

Whichever the case may be, there was a reason the wise Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff chose not to use the radio to contact him. Something big was happening. This much was certain. Whatever that may be, Grantz's experience allowed him to predict that he would need to be ready for it.

His long-sought peaceful sabbath would have to wait. Grantz could feel that an intense job was coming on the horizon, and being the impressive soldier he was, he wouldn't retreat from his duty. He took a deep breath. This was all it took for him to steel his nerves. No matter what the task was, he refused to falter. It was his way of preparing himself for battle; nothing could shatter his mental armor now.

Ready for whatever trials and tribulations awaited him and his companions, he entered the tent only to be immediately met by a wall of tension that could be cut with a knife. What shocked him the most was the stiff expression the commander showed, as if she had an intense decision to make. This was enough to terrify Grantz.

What could possibly make Colonel Degurechaff look like this?!

It was only her and her first officer, Major Weiss, in the room. It must be something highly classified. And yet, while these thoughts ran through his head, a new question tugged at his mind.

If this was the case, why had someone like him been called here? Why not Captains Meybert or Ahrens, or any of the other first lieutenants?

Just as the confusion was setting in, his superior turned to him with a smile. "First Lieutenant Grantz. Congratulations."

"You've been selected by my superior... He's taken a liking to you."

Grantz stared blankly at his own superior when he felt a hand clapping onto his shoulder. Startled, he turned to find the face of an older gentleman. He must've completely hidden his presence, because Grantz didn't realize there was anybody behind him until that very moment... which only added to his confusion, but this was when he realized he recognized this face.

And before his brain could even fully manifest an answer, it instinctually shifted to reject whatever reality this was in an instant.

Sadly for him, soldiers are a part of an organization with strict standards. He averted his gaze, only for his eyes to fall on the gentleman's lapel, which clearly showed the rank insignia that decorated it.

With the general insignia triggering his instincts, Grantz stood at attention. This conditioning was likely a product of Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff's training.

He turned his entire person around on his heel, standing up straight in attention. This much done all on autopilot, Grantz's consciousness itself finally caught up to who exactly the gentleman was.

"Hello there, Lieutenant. I haven't seen you since the eastern front. How have you been?"

General Hans von Zettour addressed Grantz with a smile, which would be a blessing for anyone with aspirations to climb the ranks.

Aspirations First Lieutenant Grantz didn't have.

Perhaps having pity on her subordinate, who was clearly at a loss for words, or maybe as a friend, Degurechaff jumped in to take the focus off Grantz.

"General, please try not to bully Lieutenant Grantz."

"I'm simply greeting an acquaintance of mine. You know, there aren't that many pleasantries left for a man my age to enjoy. I have to keep my nerves sharp somehow, don't I?"

"As I am still young, I tend to sympathize with the trials of the younger soldiers."

Grantz had seen his superior's heroism on the battlefield many a time, but seeing her fight like this in an official capacity was deeply moving. Watching her provide cover fire like this made her seem like a shining beacon of light-her back imposing and powerful despite her small frame.

"You've got me there. Well, let us get to the thick of things."

The general nodded nonchalantly-his easygoing attitude suggested this whole exchange was well practiced... which quickly brought Grantz back to his initial question.

Why had he been called here? He had an inkling... and if he was anywhere close to the mark, then Grantz would have to pray that his worst fears wouldn't come true.

This short-lived hope that this was in any way possible was ruthlessly shattered by his benevolent superior.

"Even among my battalion, First Lieutenant Grantz is one of my most capable mages. That being said, he leaves much to be desired in terms of attentiveness and organization. He is not fit to be an attendant or first officer, in my opinion, which is why you should perhaps reconsider..."

"Are you recommending against using a hunting dog as a sheepdog?"

"This particular hound is a bit too finicky to be a sheepdog."

"Oh? It sounds like you wish to say... that Lieutenant Grantz isn't fit to be my personal guard?"

Grantz, who couldn't flat out say he didn't want to do it, could only stare hopefully at Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff, who was evidently willing to go up against the nobility for the sake of her subordinates.

"I do question whether or not he is suitable for the role. The mages who make up my battalion are more like the tips of spears. Even when it comes to defense, they use not a shield but their honed points."

"That's fine by me."

"Different mages have different aptitudes, is all I wish to say."

The proud commander of the Salamander Kampfgruppe made a heroic display of resistance. First Lieutenant Grantz's adoring eyes watched her as she stated her case. Her bravery made her back seem much larger than any child could possibly possess.

"He is a necessary part of my battalion, General. He is most useful to our nation on the vanguard. I only wish to have the right soldiers in the right posts."

"So you're against lending him to me."

"I am unable to fully agree with your allocation of our resources."

It took immense bravery for a field officer to say words like this to a general- to disagree, object, and resist. Nevertheless, Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff proceeded to do everything in her power to defend Grantz as he watched from the rear. The gratitude he felt knew no bounds.

He knew she was a superior who wanted the best for her subordinates, but never had he imagined she'd go this far!

He was immensely moved by the whole scene, and her efforts would prove successful... in helping him accept his inevitable demise.

"Colonel Degurechaff. I'll make note of your advice for the record. Now, is there anything else?"

"General, as the commander of the General Staff's mage battalion, it is our duty to serve the Empire and our nation, and not-"

"I'll bear in mind that you were down a single company when reviewing your performance during this campaign. That said, I somehow doubt missing a single company will have that large of an impact on your battalion's results."

"Every single man counts, General."

"Sadly, this is a war. We must make the most of what we have."

"And I believe it is my job to do my best to maintain what I have."

General Zettour gave Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff a stern glare, but she continued to fight for Grantz nevertheless. Honestly, she was up against the general. With there being nothing Grantz could say or do at all, he was expecting her to give up much sooner than she did. The grave reality, however, continued to loom over them as this exchange went on. Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff was a lieutenant colonel, and General Zettour was a general. One was the subordinate, and one was the superior.

"Do you have any other concerns? I apologize, but I'd like for you to understand that this has already been decided."

The lieutenant colonel fell silent. She gave Grantz a glance, her eyes filled with pity, which made the situation all too clear-there were no reinforcements coming. For the first time in his military career, Grantz was cut off and alone.

As if to announce the results of the negotiation to the dumbfounded lieutenant, the old gentleman with glittering stars lining his jacket turned his attention to him with a glaringly forced smile.

"Well, Colonel. It seems all that's left is getting the lieutenant's consent."

"Yes... You are correct."

Grantz's superior gave a reluctant but clear nod. His last and only line of defense had fallen, and no reinforcements were coming. Standing before Grantz was an eerily smiling general. He beamed at him from the pinnacle of his organization, the army. The gaze with which he waited for Grantz to speak was like a sharp blade wrapped in cloth. He knew from experience that this was it. That resistance was futile... It was time for him to raise his white flag.

"I-I look forward to being able to accompany you again and help in any way I can!"

"That's the spirit, Lieutenant Grantz. I expected nothing less from a man such as yourself. I'm glad you're willing to volunteer yourself for the important task."

He had no recollection of volunteering for this, and he was overcome by amazement. The general's hand felt heavy on his slumped shoulders.

"Let's try to enjoy ourselves, Lieutenant. There's nothing to worry about."

"Do I look worried?"

"I intend to add to your achievements with this assignment, not leave a black mark on your career."

## THE SAME DAY, THE ILDOAN GENERAL STAFF OFFICE

The moment the man walked through the door of the Ildoan Army General Staff Office, he realized an undeniable difference between the current state of affairs and what the office once was.

"Look what this has done to the world..."

After stepping into what was once his office, Colonel Calandro lamented to himself.

"The insanity that is total world war..."

The Ildoan Army used to laugh at the Imperial Army. They thought the Empire must've been insane to ever engage in total war. It was what the soldiers used to talk about at the salon, with a glass of wine in hand. It was hard for any of the soldiers to imagine their nation engaging in something so idiotic, given its raison d'état. To them, war was just an extension of politics, and to fight a war for the sake of fighting a war was completely out of the question. If they had to fight, then it should be in the interest of their nation. The opposite-a nation becoming a slave to war-was a sick and twisted concept.

That was what the colonel always thought, at least.

"The world looks different when you're the one at war."

So what happened to their army in an actual war? Ildoa, which had once ridiculed the Empire, was now being burned by the flames of its war... The office's aloof outlook, which had been like an elegant fragrance that lingered in the old General Staff Office, was completely gone. The expressions of the civilians and soldiers who came and went through the office doors were as grim as could be. They were the expressions of people forced into oblivion roaming aimlessly through the world.

From an observer's perspective, their looks garnered unbearable pity. The Ildoa of plenty was no more.

"But... it's understandable."

Calandro muttered to himself about the dreadfulness of their inescapable reality.

The core of their military had been devastated, and they lost the equipment needed to arm their reserves before they could be mobilized. It was difficult to reckon with what was happening, but there was no fooling himself about it. This wretched reality was Ildoa's.

As a result of the vicious Imperial attack, the Ildoan Army was on the verge of collapse. The colonel didn't even want to imagine what things would've looked like without the weeklong cease-fire.

Given that most of the immediately deployable divisions had already been lost, they used their very limited time to scrounge up enough troops for some twenty-odd divisions. The sad truth was... that these divisions were hardly battle-ready. Whatever they had was a shell of what it should've been.

The oft-ridiculed, warmongering Imperial Army that fought on for no reason was continuously proving that it was indeed good at one thing-war. What was happening to Ildoa was the result of its silent ridicule.

The colonel didn't even want to think about that monster Zettour. The fact that he spoke with the general only a short while ago was still mortifying. That man and his army were going to do what they did to the Federation to Ildoa.

"I thought I'd built up an immunity to him in the Empire's eastern front, but I guess not."

It was clear to Calandro that he'd lose this battle before it started if he let his enemy get to him. He also knew that it was more than just his problem at this point. The situation was grave. The Empire was rampaging down their peninsula with the momentum of a victorious army, and the Ildoan Army was stuck fighting with less than half their regular numbers.

The only reason their collapse hadn't already happened was thanks to their largest hope at the moment-their alliance with the Unified States. The presence of the expeditionary force that had quickly reached Ildoa was cause for relief for the Ildoa officials. They simply needed to bide their time while they waited for the rest of the Unified forces. Which would be their strategy from the moment the cease-fire ended on out.

Colonel Calandro shook his head.

"We're going to need confidence in our forces if we're going to bide our time."

Calandro had seen the devil known as Zettour in action before... He doubted whether his countrymen had the fortitude to endure that devil's viciousness.

"Do the higher-ups know what it means to go up against the devil himself...?"

Needless to say, Calandro told his superiors this as soon as he returned from meeting the general. He warned them in every way he could.

Sadly, however, he was always met with the same answer: "We understand your concerns."

In actuality, under the leadership of General Gassman, the commanding officers charged with defending the capital did manage to heed one of the colonel's strategic warnings in their own way. When they noticed the Empire's advance slowing, they committed to stopping it by setting up fortified defensive positions. Using what was left of the shattered divisions, they set up bases along the defensive line. This was arguably the correct decision. The planners had a solid grasp of what their current army was capable of and did what they could.

The soundness of the decision was what left Colonel Calandro alone in arguing against the idea. His reasoning was that it was far too dangerous to defend territory. Calandro even made his case to General Gassman himself.

"We don't have the strength to fight back if it comes down to a pitched battle. Putting down roots is essentially giving the Imperial Army free time they need..."

Colonel Calandro's appeal was shot down by conventional military logic. Holding the line took priority over all else. The Ildoan Army chose to defend what it thought needed defending, and both military and political reasoning supported this plan of action.

Thus, Colonel Calandro was left to become Ildoa's Cassandra. He was the prophet of tragedy. No matter how prescient his warnings, they would not be heeded by his peers.

## DECEMBER 6, UNIFIED YEAR 1927, THE ILDOAN FRONT

After offering a living sacrifice in the form of Lieutenant Grantz, Tanya and the rest of the Salamander Kampfgruppe officers finally have the freedom to return to business as usual. They still have the gruelling order to give the enemy a bloody nose, but now they can carry these orders out on their own terms, without the watchful eyes of a high-ranking officer peering over their shoulders.

With that, Tanya assembles her officers to begin the final confirmation of the operation before carrying out the orders. First Lieutenant Serebryakov acts as her assistant, with Major Weiss, Captains Meybert and Ahrens, and First Lieutenant Tospan representing each of their respective branches of the army. Together, the group collectively gives a difficult look at the war map laid out before them. Tanya has Lieutenant Wüstemann sitting in on the meeting, too, for his own studies.

"Tell me, my Kampfgruppe officers. What do you think of the enemy?"

It's Captain Ahrens, heading the panzer unit, who takes the initiative to answer my question.

"It's the same every time we look at it. Judging by the map alone, their strong points are dug in and leave few openings."

Captain Meybert nods in agreement and continues.

"The enemy has prepared well for this engagement. It's likely that they have positioned their artillery units in the rear for concentrated support fire. The challenge lies in their camouflage, making it difficult for our reconnaissance units to pinpoint their exact location."

Though likely unimpacted by the difficult assessments made from the armor and artillery perspectives, Major Weiss shows a similarly difficult expression as he lets out a sigh.

"What do you think, Major?"

"Full frontal assaults are never easy, but... the more recent bases we've encountered have proper anti-mage countermeasures in place, making them harder to blow through."

"I see... And what about you, Lieutenant Tospan?"

The man in charge of the infantry simply shakes his head at my question.

"I have nothing to add. We'll see what we can do, but I believe charging a base is always going to come with hefty sacrifices."

More pessimism. While it's never good to underestimate your enemy, this shouldn't be a blanket outlook. I look at the three of them with a grimace.

"You three sure are cautious... You mustn't forget that it is human beings who carry out war. Taking this into consideration, we should look at the Ildoan soldiers."

I'm a former HR expert and I take pride in my ability to communicate sincerely with modern man. My lifetime's worth of experience is what tells me that my interpretation is correct.

"Ildoa's war council is made up of intelligent planners. Luckily for us, however, they have little experience when it comes to actually fighting a war. You should all be happy."

"We should?"

The first reply I get is a dubious look, but I shrug it off. Good and bad luck are two sides of the same coin.

"First, Ildoans have lived a life without war. Second, their lack of experience combined with high intellect will make them easy to defeat."

"Uh..."

My officers silently try to find words to reply with, but I calm them down with a wave of my hand.

"It isn't that hard to understand. Our enemies have spent a lot of time studying this war from afar. That said, there are many things one simply can't comprehend without actually experiencing them, such as the momentum defeat carries with it."

This is true whether talking about organizations, humanity as a whole, or just individuals. In other words, the enemy doesn't realize they're in a downward spiral.

"An army that goes on the defensive while it is on a losing streak has already lost the battle."

It doesn't even have to be a big battle to start the streak. A single random encounter is enough. Had they a small victory, something to stir up a sense of bravery in their soldiers, then the defense laid out before them would most definitely be something as impenetrable as steel. But if their forts are filled with hiding badgers...? Then they are weak, and their weakness needs to be capitalized on.

I know this from experience.

"The only cure for defeat is victory. An army full of soldiers who don't believe in themselves is surprisingly weaker than what numbers alone would suggest."

Even the most well-built base will amount to nothing if its soldiers are hiding inside it, protecting themselves until the end of the battle.

The Seige of Odawara is a good example of this. The same goes for Osaka castle. After losing their will to fight back, the defenders of Odawara simply surrendered its castle to the attackers. Even with all the planning and effort that went into raising the grand Osaka castle, it fell due to having subpar defenders. Soldiers who are certain of their victory are hard to contend with, but soldiers fearing their impending doom will often crumble on contact.

After thinking for a moment, staring at the well-made enemy fortifications while I imagine the mental state of its soldiers... I reach an easy conclusion. The soldiers inside are most surely a mess. If this is the case, then we only need to amplify their fears and destroy them while they are a panicked mess.

"Captain Ahrens, I require you to undertake a difficult job for this operation."

"Seeing as my orders for most operations fit that description, what will you have us do this time?"

There is an honorable resignation in his casual response. It seems these soldiers have adapted to unreasonable demands in a way that is helpful. As Captain Ahrens's superior, and more importantly, as a good middle manager, I'm proud of the fact that this is the level of trust we've established.

After a brief chuckle, I give him orders in a deliberately calm manner.

"I want you to have your tanks really make some noise."

"Why, may I ask...?"

"Ideally, they'll mistake you for Colonel Lergen's 8th Panzer Division. We'll scare them with a false sense of numbers."

Dummies and decoys. There are entire chapters on this diversionary tactic written in the military textbooks.

"It will use a lot of fuel and artillery..."

"That's fine. I need it done, Captain. If the enemy mistakes the armor formation for our main forces, then it is a small price to pay. I want you to throw everything you've got at them!"

If the enemy believes there is a panzer unit at their doorstep, then their defensive line will most certainly falter. To put it simply, the soldiers will get scared, and their commanding officers will show hesitation.

The base will surely grow disillusioned by the division.

"Captain Meybert! You'll be charged with covering Captain Ahrens with support fire. I'm expecting you to use just as much of your arsenal as the division does."

No bars shall be held to maximize the enemy's fear. We must take the initiative to do what the enemy fears the most.

"Major Weiss and Captain Tospan, you'll be given the lofty task of accompanying the tanks. You'll be going on a quick drive with me."

The two men nodded before Weiss took the lead to ask a question for both of them.

"Where will we be driving to?"

"The enemy base. It's almost suppertime, and something tells me Ildoan bases are much tastier than whatever's in the Federation and the Commonwealth."

## THE SAME DAY, THE ILDOAN ROYAL CAPITAL/ILDOAN ARMY GENERAL STAFF OFFICE

The commander charged with overseeing the capital's defense had a clear understanding of the largest problem at hand.

"They chose the wrong man for the job."

The commander-General Gassman-mumbled to himself. The general was well aware of how unsuitable he was to defend his nation's capital. He knew himself well and would be the first to admit that he was more suited for military administration. The first thing he did when he was put up to the task was acknowledge that he belonged in the rear, and a strategist belonged in his position-something he even tried to relinquish. Sadly for him, however... General Gassman was too skilled a military administrator for his own good.

Perhaps it should be said that the heavens abandoned him, in a sense. Namely, over the course of his career, he had successfully gained the trust of his nation, its government, the palace, and the people, almost too well. The politicians saw him as an honorable general, the palace a general that knew the ropes, and among Ildoans, there was a general consensus that he seemed like a trustworthy man.

It didn't help that General Gassman looked good in his suit as well. The outfit he wore to acquire funds and make political arrangements during a time of peace offered an easily understandable sense of security in Ildoa's time of need.

So what happened when he tried to transfer this power to somebody more capable than himself? His letters of resignation and recommendation were both seen as a form of modesty, and the position of high command was more or less forced onto him.

Which brought him to his current predicament-being worn down by a neverending chain of decision making he just wasn't used to.

The worst part was that he had absolutely no clue what the enemy was thinking. Every strange turn the Empire took amounted to a terrifying fog that only grew thicker with time.

"I have no idea what they're doing..."

General Gassman, alone in his office, moaned to himself.

"My usual strategies just aren't going to cut it."

He'd asked his staff their opinions and reviewed countless reference documents on the war front, finding several different assessments, each correct in their own way, which he compiled into one... like he always did. Somehow, however, this didn't translate into a clear strategy.

What he was doing was administrating. A process that was taking far too long for somebody who needed to make immediate decisions. Gassman was good at coordination and administration, but it was clear to him that he had no talent when it came to being decisive. He knew this better than anyone else, but knowing this didn't help him-it wasn't as if he could ask someone else to make the decisions for him. He was the leader, and he needed to make the decisions on his own accord.

That was exactly why Gassman was conflicted. Were he up against a more regular enemy, this much wouldn't have been a problem for him. In this regard, his biggest mistake was trying to learn about his enemy. He tried to understand what made the crafty Zettour tick, thinking from the perspective of the Empire... but he had absolutely zero clue as to what they were trying to gain from all of this.

"Do they really intend to attack our capital? Or is it merely a threat to obtain more leverage in negotiations, just like the cease-fire? Or perhaps... they're after something else?"

The general wasn't convinced by what he saw. He stared at the map, but his opponent's attacks made less and less sense as the reports came flooding in from the front lines.

There were two powerful panzer units that were making their way toward the capital. These two units were powerful, but only in the sense of individual strength.

"This alone won't be enough to truly threaten the capital. The Empire knows better than any of us how poorly tanks fare in urban warfare."

These units were a threat out in the open and certainly had the potential to break the Ildoan defensive line, but... two units operating independently could be handled.

Gassman took into account the comparative weakness of his own army, and considering the multiple, in-depth warnings his subordinate, Colonel Calandro, had provided him with, he had no intention of underestimating the military threat of the Imperial Army.

Even after taking all this into account, military logic brought him to the same conclusion every time.

"It feels fair to say we shouldn't be in too much danger."

They were fighting a defensive war, after all. Between their intricate contingency plan, posing counterattacks when appropriate, and initiative within their camps, things seemed to be going according to their plan. At least, enough for them to keep the Empire at bay.

"They've learned their lesson on the Rhine and in the east. A frontal assault against a fortified position requires numbers, and always comes with great sacrifice."

Going on the defensive gave the attacker the initiative, but the defender a positional advantage. In other words, a defensive war was a difficult war to lose. This reality was something the general knew from countless analyses of the reports on the Empire's war in the Rhine... or at least this is what the general told himself.

"Calandro's concern seems fairly ungrounded. He's an excellent soldier, but his time in the east must have clouded his judgment."

The general felt regret for having subjected his subordinate to the Empire's vicious onslaught in the east while going over the numbers in his head.

The Empire had been engaging in total war for a long time. It was facing severe shortages due to chronic losses of blood and iron. The Empire had fought the world for far too long. Even if it was a military powerhouse, it was surely on its last legs as a country.

Going over this in his mind brought up a new question. After using what felt like an unlimited amount of their resources in the east... what could the Empire possibly gain from shedding even more blood in Ildoa?

"Colonel Calandro's concern for a frontal assault is likely a red herring, a trick they're trying to pull, knowing how we operate. Which may mean... that the US experts are correct in that the Empire will bypass the capital and attack the field troops."

Bypass, surround, and destroy with mobile warfare. They will go around Ildoa's bases, cut the base off from the rear, then attack the isolated base. This was a tactic the vicious Empire, and General Zettour in particular, had employed frequently in the east.

"It all depends on what their target is... Are they after Ildoan and Unified States troops? Or are they trying to bottle up our field armies in the royal capital?"

What would happen to the troops when they had no place to run?

"For the Empire, who's desperate, having an enemy army trapped in a city could make for a good bargaining chip."

They could kill all the troops or use them for negotiations. Their fate would be in the Empire's hands, and with General Zettour in the picture, General Gassman was almost certain that he could think of several ways to use their lives for political purposes.

General Gassman, murmuring this all to himself, finally let out a wry chuckle.

General Zettour... It was the first time in a long time he'd recognized an Imperial general who could think politically, if at all, when it came to anything unrelated to war.

"And if Colonel Calandro's concerns prove legitimate..."

The capital would fall, and confusion on a grand scale would ensue. This much the general wanted to avoid at all costs. The odds, however, favored heavily that this threat was nothing more than a diversion.

"The fog of war, eh...? You hear about it all the time, but it's an eerie feeling to be unsure what the enemy is trying to do based on the map."

What exactly was their primary target?

"The capital? The field troops? If they're bloodthirsty warriors, then they will turn the capital into rubble. But would that sly con artist really charge a matador's red cape so simply?"

What if he was trying to trick Ildoa into believing that he was? Or what if they were going for both? General Gassman let out a large sigh.

"I haven't the slightest idea what they're thinking over there. What could they be after?"

The general folded his arms and thought about the problem once more.

"What is General Zettour doing right now?"

What was the enemy general focusing on? The general had a timeline of what he had done so far and was fairly certain he knew what his end goal was.

According to Colonel Calandro, defeat wasn't even on the man's mind. The colonel was just letting the enemy's intimidation get to him, though. But that said, it was likely the case that General Zettour had no interest in occupying all of Ildoa at the very least. So there must have been something else he was after.

Gassman's thoughts were collected up until this point.

"What on the surface looks like a violent tirade may actually be him occupying the north...? It's hard to imagine he would want to take the entire country."

Ildoa was neutral. That is, until they formed one too many alliances, tipping the Empire into aggression and creating a desire for a buffer in the north. It was an irrational notion, but consequential in that the Empire had actually attacked Ildoa.

From General Gassman's perspective, though it was a heavy blow... it was nothing more than to keep their nation in check. A jab to scare them, not knock them out of the picture completely. Although the general did believe that when the enemy stopped their advance, they would've hunkered down in the north.

"Which means... they'll attack the capital to cause fear. Or maybe it is to draw in our field troops and take them out there?"

It wasn't clear what Zettour was going to do, but it was logically one of these two. It was likely a jab to contain Ildoan forces near the capital and away from the north, and it would be foolish for them to take the jab head-on. For the Ildoan Army had already suffered tremendous losses, and they simply hadn't enough divisions left to fight back.

Were they to lose what was left of their forces, Ildoa would be left defenceless and at the mercy of the Empire.

And then... General Gassman mulled over concerns for a problem unique to the capital.

"We still have the royal family to worry about. Should I have the king evacuate the capital? Or would it be better for him to stand his ground...?"

Argh. The general grabbed his head as he continued to think about the far too many problems that were happening all at once.

## THE SAME DAY, THE IMPERIAL ARMY VANGUARD

Things are simple on the battlefield. The rule is, when things get complicated, surviving always takes the highest priority.

Even a Nobel Prize-winning brain is just like any other brain in physical terms. The brightest mind will explode just like the dullest if hit with a bullet, and every second you spend thinking is just another chance you'll end up shot. Even the minds that created nuclear weapons would splatter when met with a single bullet, and there's no wisdom to be shared by a brilliant mind if it's mush in a corpse. This is yet another reason why Tanya is such a large proponent of peace.

"People can do such amazing things if they aren't busy fighting a war."

I make this comment from atop an advancing Imperial vehicle before reaching for a phone. Incidentally, this phone connects to the inside of the tank that I'm sitting on top of. A phone is necessary for the passengers enduring the bumpy ride on the top of the tank to communicate with its drivers, who are deafened by the delightful sound of a revving engine. It should also be mentioned that these aren't standard. A bit of ingenuity to make things easier on the field, and though making such modifications is technically a violation of the rules... there just so happens to be a few open spaces in the tank's armor large enough for a telephone cord to pass through. With enough ingenuity, anything is possible.

Anywho, I'm using the phone to talk with the leader of the panzer unit, Captain Ahrens.

"Any signs of enemy's reinforcements?!"

My shout is almost as loud as the battlefield, which is so muffled by the tank's roaring engine that Captain Ahrens must yell over it to be heard.

"According to reports, none have been sighted! The enemy may not be falling for our diversion!"

"It seems that way!"

The air nearby warps as I respond. A mortar round must've landed a bit too close for comfort. The enemy soldiers are doing a decent job putting up resistance. The artillery that falls upon them seems incessant.

Examining my shell, I find it hard to tell what kind of shrapnel is lodged in there. Was it a cannon round, a missile, or anti-aircraft artillery?

Tanya gives her defensive shell a nudge with her finger before showing a wry smile. Surely the foot soldiers on the ground with neither a protective film nor a defensive shell to shield themselves with must be at their limits. Unlike them, Tanya and her battalion, however, had the privilege of being a part of the tank desant...!

While I have no qualms about using human shields, it's definitely strange for me to shield a tank with my own body. I wonder who came up with such a ludicrous idea before that chain of thought comes full circle and I realize it was me. Should I question my own sanity or blame the absurdity of war?

"The world is a tough place for a pacifist."

Setting aside who's at fault here, the enemy's impressive volume of fire and lack of a reaction to our diversion would normally be the signal for us to hightail it out of here to save fuel and ammo.

The enemy reacts with nothing but artillery fire, or at least that's what it seems like. It's almost strange how little movement there is in the base itself.

Though I question whether my intuition may be misguided, there's also a rush of anticipation.

"Captain Ahrens! We must bear in mind the fear they must be feeling. What if they aren't ignoring our diversion?! What if they are simply ignoring our assault as a whole?!"

"I'm sorry, but what did you just say?!"

"I'm asking what you make of this if they are ignoring our assault."

"That can't be right, can it?!"

I want to agree with him. If the enemy is keeping themselves cooped up in their base... If they are trying to fend us off with artillery and not even venture out...

The Kampfgruppe needs to capitalize on this chance and fast. The proper response would be to fly in, blow them to bits, and scatter the survivors. To do so would be a large gamble, though.

A frontal assault on an enemy base bears significant costs. If they have a thoroughly thought-out counteroffensive prepared, the Empire could easily be fended off.

I want to believe in my instincts. After factoring in my personal desires, it's no longer a very objective decision... but...

Whether it be a regiment or a division in there, whatever's in that base isn't showing any signs of life. The utter neglect to take initiative in their counterattack shows that they're cooped-up badgers in there-or fish in a barrel. Blowing a single hole in their base may well be all it takes for it to fall apart. Maybe even worse than falling apart. The Empire could absolutely dominate the base.

I close my eyes for a moment and mentally weigh the potential returns against the heavy risk. The possibility of dominating this base, and the dangers of attacking a well-defended base.

The idea of going out on a limb and risking it all is agonizing, but my hunch is supported by experience-the blood and sweat I've paid in tuition tell me that this is a chance worth taking.

We need to take our shot, and it needs to be a big shot.

It's time for a recon in force. That's what mages do best.

"Mage battalion! Prepare to charge! I say again, mage battalion, prepare to charge!"

Clear orders to start up the instrument of violence. My battle-ready battalion of mages grip their rifles and rev up their orbs, as they each shoot Tanya a questioning look, the answer to which she'll give in her next address to them.

"We're engaging in recon in force. Our target, the enemy base! I say again! Our target is the enemy base!"

The 203rd is a bloody mage battalion-drenched in the blood of their enemies-and its commander, who embodies this the most with her Rusted Silver moniker, grew up fighting in the trenches on the Rhine front. In an age where veteran soldiers are rarer than diamonds, this mage battalion, which honed its fangs in the north, south, east, and west, is a precious strategic asset for the Empire-and Tanya is going to bet this precious asset on one single attack.

"They think they can hide in their base?! Well, we'll just have to pop their war cherries for them! Aerial Magic Battalion! We are proud comrades! Our battalion of Named mages shall devour the world! The time has come for us to show the world what we are capable of!"

Yes, mages excel at anti-tank warfare. The tough exterior of a tank means little against a top attack.[2]

Even against anti-air attacks, they could manage, though not without more difficulty. Mages are capable of taking an entirely different trajectory than conventional aircraft, with their ability to almost instantaneously change directions and lift off or land at the drop of a hat, giving them a much better defense against incoming AA fire.

Support fire is another strong point for mages. Needless to say, explosion and optical formulas lead the pack in quick and effective aerial fire support. We're essentially flying artillery. When used in tandem with actual artillery, they become artillery observers that can also fill in the blanks.

That being said, the Imperial Army's aerial mages are, in essence, hunting dogs. Their ultimate raison d'être is to chomp down on their enemies. Concealing a sense of repugnance and resignation for what I've become, I rally the troops.

"My Imperial hunting dogs! Follow me! I'll lead the charge!"

I bark more orders before taking flight, and her troops need nothing more than a commander willing to commit and lead them. They follow Tanya, with her adjutant covering her rear as always.

With Lieutenant Serebryakov at my side, most challenges can be overcome. My other subordinates? There's no need to worry whether they will follow, either. There isn't a chance in hell my officers won't perform their duties. This is where aerial mages excel the most! Chipping away at the stalwart fortification that blocked their path, perhaps even flying in and dominating it alone.

I shouldn't have to explain all this. This much has been driven home to the leaders of each company, and three of the four that were conducting a tank desant came together as soon as the orders to charge went up. In their current wedge formation, they keep close to the ground as they hurtle toward the base. Suppressing fire from enemy rifles and machine guns does little against our defensive shells, and it's a simple matter to add a little evasive maneuver to make it harder for the enemy to hit us in the first place. Think of it as an Imperial Mage Panzerkeil.[3]

As I lead the charge, I take out the Elinium Type 95 usually kept tucked away. In exchange for sullying my free will, this device provides the thickest of defensive shells.

"Lord and savior, guide my way. I walk with you, in pursuit of hardship. I will climb a mountain of thorns and praise your glory from its bristly peak."

Littering the Ildoan soil with verbal rubbish, I manifest optical decoys one after another. That, combined with the speed of a fighter plane, should be enough for a successful assault.

The shellshocked enemy doesn't even have time to keep up with the sudden action, and as glittering spells fill the sky with explosions, they will soon be reunited with the shit they soiled their pants with.

"Dominate them! Dominate everything! My battalion! Dominate!"

Explosion formulas pepper the base, with a single penetration formula blasting through its wall, turning the part of the base the mages come into contact with into a hell on earth. The outer wall of said corner easily caves to the attack.

Intent on causing fear for whoever is in the base, be it some mythical hero or whoever, the 203rd Aerial Mage Battalion, a battalion that specializes in raiding, penetrates their walls.

The good soldiers of the Ildoan Army take out their handguns with quivering hands as the horde of Named mages come piling toward them with shells that would require at least a cannon to penetrate.

Those who actually get a shot off are real modern heroes. Those who try to aim first, wise sages. But neither of their fine efforts amounts to anything in the face of the rich experience that has gone into honing the pinnacle of the Empire's art of war in its aerial mages.

Now, with this fearsome threat before them, just how intense is the utter shock they must feel watching their brave brethren be crushed? How intense is it, to watch the base they believed to be impenetrable be demolished?

The result is simple. The second line of defense watches as its first line falls in a single fell swoop.

"So this is what happens when you throw a scant thirty mages at the problem."

Tanya sighs to herself and turns to find her adjutant smiling awkwardly.

"I mean... it is us we're talking about here. I think it would be different against any other group of mages."

"Veterans we may be, for them to crumble like this says a lot about their forces."

Ignoring Lieutenant Serebryakov, who looks like she has more to add, Tanya takes a radio that she seems to have acquired from the base and listens in.

"Chaos, confusion, and no composure. Mm-hmm, sounds like the momentum of a losing army. Ah, it's so easy on the ears."

Tanya grins widely.

A firm defense is only effective if the defending side seeks taking initiative in defending itself. Even the dogmatic and rigid Federation showed a hunger for taking the initiative from the onset of the war.

"The enemy is mistaking a defensive war for defending its line. It seems they've forgotten what it means to defend."

With this attack, on top of the fact that enemy forces have yet to try and recapture or destroy taken land in retaliation, This gives me a general sense for the enemy's will to fight.

Defensive wars are retaliations, attempts to cause stagnation, and the exchange of space for time, and no bars should be held to do so. But look at these fools.

"I think I may like the Ildoans, Visha."

"Then I guess I, and the rest of the battalion, will like them, too."

"I bet you're right! Judging by Captain Ahrens's response earlier, it seems we do, in fact, share our own common sense."

A shared common sense is a beautiful thing. Two coworkers getting along is worth celebrating. Everything is going well.

Well, it's about time to call the troops.

"Captain Ahrens, can you hear me?"

"How was the assault reconnaissance?"

"We ripped apart their defensive line. Sorry, there's nothing left for you."

The loud tank engine that can be heard over the radio isn't enough to drown out the captain's surprise. His reaction is limited to that outburst, though, as Captain Ahrens has worked with this battalion long enough to know not to verbally question news like this.

"Then... I assume now is our chance to pursue the enemy?"

Instead, he responds with a question about the situation. He's a good officer, who knows when to pitch ideas. I appreciate his enthusiasm to create more value in our operation and admires him for the fine human resource he is. Setting aside his delightful response, though, I must correct the slight misunderstanding he's making.

"Not exactly, Captain. We can't expect to pursue them."

"Is the royal army on their way?"

"No, not quite!"

Tanya ends up grimacing at her own giddy enthusiasm while she relays the unexpected sight that is unfolding before her to Captain Ahrens so he can enjoy the news as well.

"It seems enemy command doesn't intend on letting go of this position. They're hunkering down at a different part of their base. It appears we won't need to pursue them after all. Not if they're just going to stay here for us."

"What? They're not going to retreat and reorganize?"

"Common sense dictates they should, but evidently, we don't share the same common sense as the Ildoans. They're digging their heels into this base to fight."

This time, the captain cannot hold back his doubt.

"That can't be true, Colonel."

"Why is that, Captain?"

"They have a city right behind them! Even a civilian can hold out and stall a battle until reinforcements arrive by escaping into an urban area. But you're telling me they're going to stay out in the open to get surrounded?"

The enemy shows no signs of heading for their city at all. For a soldier with ample experience, yes, it makes sense that not doing so is out of the question. It's clear from his voice that Captain Ahrens is in utter disbelief at how the enemy is handling themselves.

Which is why I've taken it upon myself as a civilized person to teach him the glaring truth.

"Calm yourself, Captain. Escaping to a city is out of the question for most armies around the world."

"What? No, I'm not saying I would ever actually want to fight the Ildoans in their own city or anything, but..."

No, no. I signal with my hand even though I'm on the radio. He's not understanding me.

The captain's opinion is correct for someone who's been fighting in this great war, but he's forgotten a truly basic part of being a civilized person.

"These people do not understand total war."

"What do you mean by that, Colonel...?"

"The Ildoans still have their sanity. Their too afraid to bring tanks, cannons, or Gatling guns to use against mages into the places where civilians live."

What is common sense for the great war is utterly out of the question for the rest of the normal world. It reminds me of Colonel Calandro when he came to see the Imperial forces as a military observer. He was trembling. Trembling at the current state of the war in the east.

Tanya and the rest of the Empire have long accepted what it means to fight in this war, but for the rest of the world, it must look like the deepest part of hell. It's almost possible for her, as an objective observer of this reality, to feel a personal benefit from their relative difference in values.

"The enemy is too civilized."

And that's exactly why...

Tanya chuckles scornfully.

"We have to give our civilized friends a much-needed dosage of the violence machine."

Now that Tanya has peered into the minds of her enemies, there is no longer a need for her to hold back.

"Salamander leader to the 8th Panzer Division. Break through the enemy line at a point of your choice and surround them."

## THE SAME DAY, THE 8TH PANZER DIVISION

General Zettour, who was with the regiment under the pretence of rallying the soldiers, had been walking around with a natural gait greeting each and every face he knew well-and it was now the substitute commander Colonel Lergen's turn.

As if fighting the enemy wasn't enough of a stomachache on its own, having to sit with the general while he eagerly awaited the report that they'd made a breakthrough gave birth to a whole new kink in his digestive system. Colonel Lergen, who for better or for worse, routinely wore the iron mask of a military bureaucrat, knew that the time he spent pretending to look at a map while he kept his facial expressions under control would amount to mental torture.

Which was why the colonel was praying for relief to come as soon as possible.

As fate would have it, a higher power seemed to have pity on his poor soul, as his prayers would be answered in the form of a running communications officer. The excited officer held out a message for the colonel, which had incredible news that had come straight from the front line-the news he had been waiting for. The colonel read it and nodded to himself before happily handing the message to General Zettour.

"Break through the enemy line at a point of our choice and surround them?"

The general finished reading Colonel Lergen's note and rubbed his chin with a grin.

"So this is the vanguard unit's decision."

It could be said that Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff possessed a truly grand outlook. The Empire was in a superior position. This was on top of the fact that the enemy's main forces, its aerial mages, had already been removed from combat. The skies were clear as well. Having pulled as much as they could from the east and west, the Empire had managed to maintain aerial superiority so far. They had a good hand of cards, but even then, reports from the front lines that penetration could be made at will was about as splendid as things could get.

General Zettour had a choice to make. He folded his arms in thought. "Yes."

There were holes made up and down the enemy line, so he agreed with the report that they could penetrate anyone of them. The general was caught off guard by the prospects of surrounding their bases, though.

Naturally, he was the first to take urban warfare into careful consideration when thinking about taking over the royal capital. It all depended on how the Ildoans fought their defense. Worst-case scenario, he could accept having to abandon their conquest on the Royal Capital altogether. But if they could surround the enemy field troops outside the city? Then it was free rein for the Imperial Army. In fact, he could even go to their capital for dinner just as he had phoned the embassy the night prior.

"What do you think, Colonel Lergen? It seems that Colonel Degurechaff, with that fine hunting dog nose of hers, has picked up the scent on a fantastic chance."

"I agree, General."

The colonel answered with a quick response and nod, prompting Zettour to display a satisfied grin.

"Then, Colonel. I believe it's time you go out for a run as well."

"I'll do everything in my power to make this work! Now, please excuse me!"

Colonel Lergen gave a salute, then gallantly trotted out of the command center to give the orders to advance. The entirety of the 8th Panzer Division, which had been waiting for the orders, kicked into high gear on his orders.

The sudden change of pace almost looked like a panic, but the collective of soldiers doing exactly what they were supposed to do was like a well-tuned orchestra. Him offering a salute to the soldiers and officers waving their hats was a product of preestablished harmony.

The general knew it wouldn't be long until he heard the results of the attack. They were going to win a complete victory.

"It's funny. When the enemy falls, it's always all at once."

The enemy was unable to fight against the brunt of the Empire's attack. Zettour couldn't help but mutter to himself his sense of dissatisfaction in the show they were putting on for him.

"The defensive line established by the Ildoan-Unified troops appeared firm, but that firmness is only determined by the soldiers inside the bases."

It reminded him of a time when he was a young officer who had been assigned to be an observer. To the best of his memory, he'd debated with Rudersdorf on the importance of a will to fight when engaging in positional warfare.

"I argued the defenders held the advantage, and he argued it was the will to fight that mattered above all else."

Judging by these results, it appeared both sides of the argument were true.

A base with soldiers who hid inside it without a strong will to fight could not persevere against a determined attacker. That said, defenders within a base who had a strong will to fight were nigh impenetrable. It could be considered the obvious conclusion. Although, no matter how willing to fight the defenders were, or how solidified their base was, in the end, fire and national power prevailed. Power had the ability to mow down any defense, and in conclusion, national strategy was the be-all and end-all.

Zettour grumbled. He was the supreme commander of the Imperial Army and a lone man foolishly challenging the world to war. There was no amount of effort he could put forward to garner a national strategy that could actually defeat the world. How lonely it was to be in such a powerless position.

"The Empire and its army are undoubtedly powerful."

What his nation did have was fists capable of pummelling Ildoa as well as the soldiers the Unified States sent to help. Centered around its panzer units, the Imperial Army's exercise of power was like something out of a textbook.

It was a feat that had been made possibly by Lieutenant Colonel Degurechaff and Colonel Lergen. The Imperial Army surrounded the Ildoan Army, who insisted on holding their positions outside the capital. Once they had the enemy surrounded, they came under attack from US forces who came to relieve their allies, which the Empire purposefully allowed to penetrate their encirclement before closing the hole up behind them and continuing their siege.

If this had been a boxing match, then that maneuver would have been a perfectly executed counterpunch. A single counter used to knock out the enemy in the ring of the century.

What became of the soldiers the Ildoan citizens watched from the city with hope? They were facedown in the ring, unconscious, leaving the capital defenceless.

By the time the citizens realized that their defense had crumbled away, the Imperial Army 8th Panzer Division had already set foot in the heart of the Ildoan royal capital. Of course, this rapid pace was something the Imperial Army needed desperately. To take control of a city full of civilians, both domestic and foreign... there was very little margin for error.

Colonel Lergen brought the command center into the city and immediately began administering the occupation and dealing with the many new problems that were cropping up... which a person at General Zettour's level had no business meddling in.

Instead, the general was plucked out of the base and brought to his car by his entourage. In stricter terms, it wasn't as if he was actually leaving the colonel to do his job, but... his purpose for being there-namely, the soldiers he was there to encourage-had made incredible gains. Most of the officers assumed that his guards were getting him out of there after a job well done...

Zettour, however, felt no need to fall in line with their assumption. He appreciated his security detail finally giving him some relative privacy and took the time to think while he enjoyed a cigarette.

The situation was good. The enemy had lost their will to fight with a swift attack. There was a chance that survivors would re-collaborate to pose a counteroffensive... but he had a good bodyguard sitting right next to him.

Weighing the risks against the merits in his mind, Zettour came to his conclusion: that since he had the aerial mages led by Degurechaff with him, his scheme was worth a shot.

His scheme to leave his name in history, that is.

His name would be the one left in history books for the world to peruse. Unless he was desperate to prevent this from happening, it would be irrational for him to hesitate at this moment-the moment he claimed Ildoa.

There were times, after all, when military rationale must kneel before political and national demands.

"Lieutenant Grantz. Do you have a moment?"

The young mage lieutenant ran up to the general. He likely intended to show a stern face, but his expression was just stiff. The young man had good instincts, but Zettour was in no position to show any mercy. Thus, he would cajole the young lad in terms a soldier could understand.

"Bring me toward the capital. We must make haste. Hesitation could lose us this prime opportunity."

Grantz nodded and got straight to work, obedient soldier that he was. He didn't make an effort to prolong the preparations or play any tricks to stall. Instead, the convoy set out soon to head to the Ildoan capital.

An easy trip it was, on the nation's beautiful roads. Setting aside the company of aerial mages defending his vehicle, it was a pleasant day for a drive.

"My guards aren't giving me any lip. Finally, some time to myself."

General Zettour enjoyed a cigar in the back of his car as he savored this moment of peace and quiet. Although it wasn't long before First Lieutenant Grantz, being the good soldier he was, grew curious about their exact destination.

"Do you mind if I ask where we are headed?"

"You'll find out once we reach the capital."

The general answered in vague terms, though it was more difficult to keep up the facade when they entered city limits.

"General, are we going to the palace, or a government facility? Or are we set to convene with Colonel Lergen at the new headquarters?"

"Hm? Ah, this isn't an official advance."

The young lieutenant was utterly confused by these words. He likely assumed he was advancing the general into the city for official business related to its occupation... Keeping him confused kept him quiet, so it wasn't too big of a problem.

"I suppose we've come far enough."

Zettour gave Grantz a wide grin. This was enough for the poor boy to realize the dire straits he had landed in. The first lieutenant immediately stiffened up. Seeing this, Zettour, as his general in command, politely asked him:

"What do you say, Lieutenant Grantz. Are you in the mood for a walk?"

"Sir, you don't intend on stepping out of the car, do you?"

First Lieutenant Grantz did everything in his power, even shooting an overtly cautious glance outside of the car, begging his superior not to do so. Though unable to talk back to his superior, he made his concern utterly clear. He was a good young man, but this didn't amount to anything.

"Look how wonderful the street is. Is it unrefined of me to want to go for a little stroll? Let's go outside."

It wasn't as if First Lieutenant Grantz's concerns were lost on the general, of course.

An urban environment was a nightmare for those charged with keeping him safe. There were blind spots in every direction inside this concrete jungle, with tall buildings offering enemy snipers countless vantage points. Given the hostile civilian populace, everyone was a potential threat.

Even for the elite aerial mages who made up his security detail, defending him in this environment was a tall task.

But this was where the general wanted to go.

"General Zettour, are you truly going to go for a walk here?"

Grantz appealed for the general not to. He needed the general to change his mind at all costs. He was just a first lieutenant, though. It was outrageous for him to even give his opinion to the general.

"Did you not hear me? The falling of the royal capital is a historic event. We should take this rare chance to march through the town triumphantly."

"March...? Uh, due to cautionary reasons, I-"

"Cautionary? You're a soldier, man, toughen up. Do you want the world to think I was some sort of scaredy-cat?"

Grantz began shaking when the ill-tempered General shot him a nasty glare. He could feel the sweat dampening the collar of his uniform and even began to feel a bit dizzy. Nevertheless, he needed to fulfill his duty as the general's bodyguard.

"I'm sorry, General, but we're in enemy territory! This is the capital we've just seized! It's far too dangerous out there! Please... stay in the car!"

"You're got it backward."

"What do you mean?"

"Do you want it to look like the deputy director of the Imperial Army was hiding in the back like a coward? It's more dangerous for me to stay hidden away."

This sort of angry reaction from a general was a nightmare for a lower-ranking soldier.

"Understood... We'll be surrounding you as you walk."

"Are you dull in the head? Maybe I should've listened to Colonel Degurechaff when she said you weren't fit to be a guard. Listen, the whole point is that I don't want to make myself look like a coward. Guard me from far away."

And just like that, the general whimsically opened the car door and stepped onto the Ildoan road. To start off with, General Zettour, as natural as could be, stretched his back. He then stretched his arms before taking a cigar out and blowing smoke toward the beautiful Ildoan sky.

With the simple expression a man makes when he enjoys a good cigar, he began walking. He stood up straight as he walked, blowing out more smoke.

His nice and shiny shoes clacked as he made his way down the stone road, and his freshly starched pants were picture perfect, as if this were a military parade, thanks to the diligent orderly who had prepared them.

Looking dignified, he walked down the road in leisure. His swagger told a story of a man who hadn't a fear in the world.

Historic landmarks seemed to line this road in particular, and every now and then, the general would stop and read the metal plates mounted here and there that explained the spot's significance, like some stereotypical middleaged civilian tourist.

This was enemy territory, and the old tourist was a general. As if the rank insignia that lined his lapel didn't stand out enough, there was a civilian car heralding his insignia on a flag that followed close by. The sheer fear caused by the sight made his bodyguard, Grantz, dizzy with nausea. What if there was a sniper in one of the buildings? It didn't matter, the general was out in the open. It wouldn't require an expert sniper to take him out.

"Would you mind walking a bit faster?"

Grantz murmured to himself, but his concern was all but lost on General Zettour, who made no effort to speed up his stroll. He seemed more interested in the historical spot he'd stumbled upon and even went to fetch a camera from the car.

The general gathered his security detail for a picture, even making them pose, as if this were a commemorative photo. Grantz was falling apart on the inside, but the general paid him no mind as he took a small break where he stood. Mingling with the soldiers was what good officers did, but having said that... even if Grantz was an officer, he was also in charge of the general's safety, which was why he was horrified.

The smiling general, offering cigars to the other soldiers, was like a literal sitting duck. A first-year soldier who'd only learned to fire a gun that day could easily have taken him out with the urban camouflage of the city streets.

With the scenario at hand, the general was acting like a daredevil. It was as if he was trying to provoke the enemy into doing so.

"Whenever... wherever..."

He could hardly think as he watched. The sheer uneasiness was burning away at Grantz, who saw an enemy at every street corner. But the general?! He was just waltzing around, leisurely as could be! Without his guards there defending him, what would this look like?!

General Zettour's guards, too, must've been enveloped in his leisurely disposition, because they were starting to show no signs of caution.

For better or worse, the surrounding Ildoans didn't look on their group with vicious eyes... but it was hard to guess when a person would try to kill someone. Grantz knew this from his experience in the Rhine, in Arene, and in the east. He knew that Ildoa, no matter how blue its sky was, was no different.

Moved by his sense of danger, Grantz finally ran up to his superior's boss.

"Oh, Lieutenant Grantz. Do you want a cigar?"

"I-I appreciate the offer, but I need to take care of my lungs. We regularly fly at high altitudes, so it's critical we refrain from smoking."

In the spur of the moment, Grantz gave an honest response when he rejected the cigar, but the problem at hand was much more severe than his respiratory health.

"General Zettour, the longer we're out in the open, the more likely someone bad will find out. Let's not stay in one place too long."

"Oh, Lieutenant. You're so pure. Take a look around for yourself."

General Zettour placed his hand on Grantz's shoulder and spoke with a magnanimous tone.

"Where exactly do you see a threat? There's nothing threatening about where we are right now, if you ask me."

"Well, we have defeated the enemy field army."

"Then what's there to worry about?"

"I don't mean to step out of line, but while we've defeated their army, the reality is there are still potential enemies lurking about. When it comes to keeping you safe, this situation is far from ideal."

Grantz thought as he said this.

We're way too out in the open. You're an Imperial general, the highestranking general there is! What if someone is out for revenge? Or a surviving soldier who knows how to take the perfect shot, or some rabid patriot just waiting out there?

"You're such a worrywart. You would've brought me to the front lines in the Federation had I ordered you to, wouldn't you? Was I misguided in placing my hopes in a company as excellent as yours for my defense?"

"We're willing to follow your orders, no matter what they are."

"Then if I order you to stop bugging me about this, will you stop?"

Grantz was more than prepared to do battle. He'd throw himself in front of a stray bullet to cover the general if he had to. But there were too many angles he couldn't cover where they were in the city.

"I don't mean to be difficult, but us mages aren't as all-powerful as you think we are."

While a mage could use their magic and defensive shell to protect others... they couldn't move faster than flying bullets. The soldiers in his company weren't even proper guards in any sense of the word. Elite though they might be, Grantz's lack of experience made him anxious. What's more, a company simply didn't provide enough manpower to protect someone in an urban environment.

It was going to be the general who had to give them their orders, but he seemed to have no interest in his own safety as he simply walked down Ildoa's streets. Streets full of people!

Grantz almost wanted to cry at the absurdity. General Zettour, as if having found fault in the lieutenant's grim expression, let out a loud, ostentatious sigh.

"Lieutenant Grantz. You're still young. Why don't you take this day to celebrate a nice victory?"

"The colonel taught us to tighten our helmets after a victory."

"That's wonderful advice. Although it isn't the advice a person should ever have to give."

His superior's superior could say whatever he wanted, but Grantz couldn't allow himself to agree or disagree. Grantz found himself recalling an old expression.

Silence is golden, and eloquence is silver. It was something people used to say.

"Your superior is a monster who believes others can do exactly as she can. Am

I wrong, Lieutenant?"

"The colonel is an incredibly capable person, after all..."

"They say the Imperial Army is made of many faces, but she is several cuts above the rest."

General Zettour rubbed his chin with a satisfied look. He then adjusted the cigar in his mouth and took a moment to enjoy it again.

"That said, one must rejoice when the time calls for it. It can be quite taxing on your mental health to neglect making the most of every opportunity to do so."

"Does good progress warrant dropping everything to rejoice?"

"I want you to look at this capital. We've acquired so many munitions and crushed so many enemies. And now this beautiful capital is ours."

The general was being theatrical in his speech, but there was a truth to what he said. Grantz even reminded himself how easy it would be to simply agree with him.

However, Grantz refused to look away from the harsh reality, as he was taught to. Even with the general, he wouldn't allow himself to daydream.

"General, the enemy forces have only lost on one flank."

Reality was reality, and the world was the world.

Grantz had been made to realize that the world never was the way one wished for it to be -that they lived in a strict and cruel reality.

This was why, even when speaking with the highest general of his army, Grantz would not falter in defending his perspective.

"Today's victory was, at most, a small one."

"You're precisely right."

The general spat his cigarette on the ground and stamped it out while tightening up his soft expression and glaring into Lieutenant Grantz's eyes with dead seriousness.

"What you said is accurate and correct. I thank you for your unvarnished words."

As he said this, he grabbed the lieutenant by his collar and pulled him closer with impressive strength.

"Which is why I need you to shut your damn trap."

He whispered in Grantz's ear with a chilling intensity.

"You mustn't bend the knee to sound logic."

The general's stark determination in his actions could be heard clearly in his chilling tone "Now smile, Lieutenant."

The general's friendly demeanour disappeared, and his words were strained. "I said smile; it doesn't need to be real. Smile like an idiot. That's an order."

"You want me to... smile?"

"That's correct. Do not show them your weakness. I don't care if it's fake, you mustn't allow the enemy to know what dire straits the Empire is in right now," General Zettour whispered in a subzero tone to Grantz, who would swallow whatever he was about to say. "Throw away your pretensions. You don't need to act well, just do what I need you to."

Grantz stared right into the general's eyes, something he regretted immediately.

"You are a conqueror. Say it to yourself, I am powerful. I don't care if you have to trick yourself about this, either. Just make sure you never let anyone watching get the opportunity to figure out if it's true."

Staring into the general's eyes, he saw the depths of true nothingness. It was like staring into an abyss.

"You must trick the world. It isn't much to ask, to put on a nice face. Go on, do it. Trick yourself."

What was he saying?

Soldiers, your peers, and regular people all set their eyes on two things. Your rank and your face. This is something they teach you early at the academy.

"I'll k-keep that in mind."

"Never forget it. Smiling is a part of an officer's job. Haven't you learned anything working under Colonel Degurechaff?"

At that point, General Zettour caught himself where he stood. He rubbed his chin once before offering a wry chuckle. From what Grantz could tell, this was the first actual, non-twisted smile he'd shown all day.

"Your superior, she may be laughing earnestly. She may find what we're doing here genuinely entertaining."

"She is the colonel..."

Grantz found himself in agreement. It was true, she always had a smile on her face. Whether it was a self-deprecating sneer, or her happily humming a war song, he never once saw her panic before. Strangely enough, whenever he struggled at his limit, looking at his superior would always bring a smile out of him. He had never seen her show distress when backed into a corner for as long as he could remember.

A part of him questioned whether this was the case for her adjutant, Visha, but it was nothing more than speculation.

"Whatever happens, I want you to smile, Lieutenant. Smiling is important."

General Zettour wore a smile of his own.

"The Imperial Army will kick the daylights out of our enemies. You'll see, in the newspaper. Our power will go down in history."

There would likely be articles and caricatures in the newspaper describing it. The majesty of the Empire, its power, and the menace it was.

Which was why the general would whisper a final thought into the young lieutenant's ear.

"We're going to give the world a good taste of our boot leather, you hear?"

1 Tanya wants to say NO! but she knows she can't. Not to her boss. She's his sycophant, like a true-blue middle manager.

3 A wedge-shaped tank formation made for advancing. This is primarily used when attacking heavily fortified positions with anti-tank defences. Apparently, tankers hate fighting dug-in enemies. Incidentally, it turns out anti-tank gunners hate fighting tanks, so the feelings are mutual.

