## Worth Fighting For

The sword glided soundlessly from its sheath to reveal the flat blade.

I swallowed hard as I fell into a trance, staring at a weapon much too beautiful to be anything ordinary.

The narrow blade was straight and thin, like a rapier, but was doubleedged, making it fit for slashing as well as thrusting. The keen edge curved smoothly into a sharp tip, and there were no markings-no sign that the edge had ever been sharpened.

The weight and balance of the sword was a bit off, in my opinion, but it was still much better than the crude weapons I had picked up be fore. However, even this flaw was overshadowed by the breathtaking quality and color of the blade.

The translucent teal hue of the blade seemed to generate a luster of its own, even in the dim storage room, and was starkly contrasted with the matte-black scabbard and handle, making it appear all the more radiant. Despite the blade's narrowness, a few tests on a nearby iron bar rel confirmed its durability and strength.

I felt confident that, even in my old world, there wasn't a blade as well-forged as this. Was it a sword meant for beast tamers, or was its criteria even more particular? Deep in thought, I looked down at Sylvie.

Tilting her tiny head, she let out a happy chirp in response.

Studying the sword more closely, I spotted a small inscription on the blade near the grip.

Dawn's Ballad W.K. IV

I murmured the name aloud, and as soon as the words left my lips, a searing pain abruptly shot through the hand that gripped the sword, making me drop the weapon.

There was a gash across my palm, which had already been cauterized. I was hesitant to pick the sword up again, but when I did, I could see the last faint traces of my blood being absorbed into the handle.

"Kuu!" 'Are you okay, Papa?' Sylvie trotted next to me, pawing my leg, concerned.

"I'm fine, Sylv." I scratched her chin, then gave the sword another swing. This time, the point of balance of the sword was in perfect alignment for my undeveloped body. Even the handle seemed to have grown smaller to fit more comfortably in my hand, as if it were made for me.

Some extraordinarily valuable staffs and wands had the ability to bond with a single user, allowing better manipulation of mana be tween the weapon and master, but I'd never heard of a sword doing something like this.

I studied the inscription again, pondering the initials: W.K. IV. Who was this person, and how was he capable of forging such a sword? My father's faint voice snapped me out of my trance, and I realized how much time had passed. Quickly sheathing my new sword, I headed back toward my father, Sylvie hitching a ride on top of my head. I made sure to bring along the short sword I had chosen for backup.

Vincent, who had been talking to my father while a worker furiously scribbled something on a parchment, waved upon seeing me. "Well? Did you see anything you liked?"

I nodded, holding up the short sword. "I found this one, and after a few swings, I've grown to like it. Is it okay for me to take it?"

Vincent took the weapon from my hand, drawing the sword from its scabbard. "Hmmm, not the best quality sword, but it is solid and won't break easily. Rey, what do you think?"

My father accepted the sword, studying its blade, grip, and guard be fore taking several swings and thrusts. "The balance isn't the best, but I think it'll be good as a first sword. What's that stick you've got?"

I gave a casual shrug. "I tripped over it on the way back here. It's really sturdy. Do you mind if I take it to practice with, Uncle Vincent?"

"I don't remember seeing this; I wonder if it got placed with the weapons by mistake," Vincent said, studying the black rod. "Jameson, what is this stick doing here?"

The middle-aged worker finally looked up from his thick stack of parchment, his weary eyes brightening upon seeing the stick I held in my hands. He began flipping through his papers, finally pulling out a worn sheet. "Ah, here it is, sir. One of the merchants told me a peculiar story so I wrote it down just in case. He claimed some senile old man just handed it to him, mumbling something about finding it a

worthy master. We had a few of our inspectors check to see if there was anything special about it, but it appears to be just a sturdy, hard cane."

"Well, it looks like it's been gathering dust here. If you think it'll do you some good, go ahead and take it," Vincent answered, lightly squeezing my shoulder.

Success.

### Kingdom of Elenoir

### TESSIA ERALITH

I stared out the window of my room and let out an exaggerated sigh. My hands were getting numb from leaning my head on them for so long, but I refused to move out of sheer stubbornness and an unwilling ness to give in to this feeling.

How dare he! Stupid Art!

Finally willing myself to get up, I let out my pent-up frustration by kicking the wall.

"Ouch!"

Stupid Art! This is his fault too!

Cradling my aching foot, I wiped at the tears that had welled up in my eyes, unsure whether they were from the pain of my foot or my loneliness.

I had just gotten back from Grandma Rinia's home. It had been hard, but I'd finally guilt-tripped her into letting me spy on Ar-I mean, make sure that Art was doing well.

I should have been happy that he had been reunited with his family... but didn't he miss me? He looked too happy. And who was that girl? Art was acting a little too nice to her. That cunning girl had even convinced Art to teach her how to manipulate mana.

He never taught me!

That Arthur... When I get my hands on him, I'm going to give him a piece of my-

I sighed. Who was I kidding? I just wanted to see him.

It had been a few months since he'd left, but I had gotten so used to seeing him every day, those months had felt like years.

"Maybe I should've been nicer to him while he was here," I muttered aloud.

I cringed, remembering all the times I had roughed him up, just as an excuse to touch him.

But that wasn't my fault-it was his fault for being such a thickheaded idiot!

Mama and Papa were quite proud that Feyrith, the noble boy who had messed with Art, and his sister had placed in the top five during the trial competition against the humans, but I couldn't care less. It was just a show anyway, a way to boast about our strength to the humans and dwarves.

Grandpa had mentioned that the actual Continental Tournament-as the humans had decided to call it-would happen every five years from now on. Did that mean I would have to wait five years to see Art? Five whole years?

I was miserable. The only thing that kept my mind off of Art was training. My goal was to become stronger than Arthur. The next time we met, I planned to surprise him with how strong I'd become. Maybe then he'd see me in a different light.

Stupid Arthur, I repeated. Even though he was younger than me, he still treated me like a little kid.

I held up the water-filled orb Granny Rinia had given me. She'd been able to capture a scene and integrate it into the orb; this one constantly showed an image of Arthur's face.

"Dummy!" I cursed at the bubble, poking at the image on the sphere where Arthur's cheek was.

Suddenly, the door flung open. "Young one, I have good-"

"Grandpa! What did I say about knocking?!" I squealed, quickly trying to hide the orb behind me. However, I knew by the sly grin on his face that he had already noticed.

"I see you're using that orb well," he snickered, and his usual stern expression was replaced by that of a wily fox.

"Stupid Grandpa!" I reached for my pillow and flung it at him before he could see how red my face had turned.

"Don't mind, don't mind! I would rather enjoy having Arthur as a grandson-in-law, anyhow. But isn't it a little too early for that?" He roared with laughter as he continued teasing me.

Whipping my head away from Grandpa, I did my best to hide my embarrassment, unable to let out anything more than a frustrated grumble in response to his ridicule.

"Don't pout, now. I've got some good news for you, little one."

I turned my head slightly, just enough to indicate that I was listening. He let out another hearty laugh. "Now, what if I said you could have the chance to attend the same school that Arthur will be attending-" I spun around so fast it made me dizzy and cut him off before he even finished speaking. "I would say you're the best grandpa ever! You're not lying to me, right?" I grabbed Grandpa's sleeve and tugged it hard. I heard a chuckle from the doorway. "Did you tell her, Father?" Mama and Papa walked into the room, smiling.

I turned to them, exclaiming, "Mama! Papa! Is it true? I can go to school with Arthur?"

"Calm down, Tessia," my mother chided gently as she patted my head. "Your grandfather has close ties with the current director of Xyrus Academy. He got in contact with her recently, and she bragged about a genius quadra-elemental augmenter who will be attending her school in three years' time," my father said.

Grandpa grinned knowingly. "A quadra-elemental augmenter-who could that be other than Arthur? I instantly knew, but of course I did n't say anything about me training him. I plan to surprise her with that little secret later on."

"Why is he waiting three years before going to school? Isn't he more than ready to go now?" I tried to speak casually, but my excitement had me grinning to my ears.

"She mentioned something about him wanting to be an adventurer," Grandpa said.

My mother gently squeezed my hands. "The important part is that this gives us enough time. We're still trying to negotiate terms for a trial run to integrate the younger generations of elves and dwarves with the humans at Xyrus Academy so they can all attend school together. The King of Sapin has agreed that the only way to start mending our relationship is to allow the younger generations to form bonds with each other," she explained.

"You'd better train hard, little one. A lot is riding on this. I'm willing to bet that Arthur chose to become an adventurer before attending school so he could get some real fighting experience. After he's done, he'll be about the same age as any other student would be, so stay on your toes. He's going to be popular, and if you don't snatch him up, some other lucky girl will." Grandpa shot me a wink.

"Father, I think that's enough teasing now. Look, Tessia is about to cry!"

I tried to stay strong, but my eyes were so watery I could barely make out my father shaking his head.

### Kingdom of Sapin

### ARTHUR LEYWIN

"Happy birthday, Arthur!" everyone cried in unison.

The whole Helstea house was decorated lavishly with festive ornaments and woven threads; the Twin Horns and the Helsteas had gathered with my own family to celebrate my ninth birthday.

"Thank you all for bearing with me for another year." I gave a deep bow; Sylvie mimicked me, nodding her small head.

The dinner was amazing-the chefs had gone all out. My mother had made sure they included my favourite dishes, some of which she had made herself.

The halls were alive with an array of noise: the laughter of the kids, the clinking of wine glasses, and the busy footsteps of maids and butlers. The table was pleasantly loud as Adam belched out loud jokes and recounted the other members' more embarrassing moments while exploring the dungeon.

"Adam, you seem to forget the time a horned mole snuck up under you while you were relieving yourself in the dungeon. As I recall, you got so scared, you landed flat on your back, pissing on yourself like a fountain," Jasmine said coolly. She casually continued sipping her tea, not even bothering to look at the mortified Adam.

I sprayed the table with food as I tried unsuccessfully to contain my amusement. My father roared with laughter, nearly falling back in his chair as he pointed his finger at the frozen Adam. Even Vincent had his face buried in his hands as he tried to keep from laughing.

"You-! I thought everyone was asleep when that happened!" Adam's shoulders slumped in defeat. Meanwhile, the women just shook their heads in embarrassment at the men's behavior.

All in all, everyone was having a great time. Ellie chimed in, eager to tell us all about her adventures in learning how to read and write, trying to be a part of the grown-up conversations as well, while Lilia laughed politely.

After dinner, everyone migrated to the living room. The fire had been lit and the area was filled with a smoky fragrance.

"Happy birthday again, son. This present is from your mother and me -and Ellie as well, of course." My father handed me a cloth-wrapped package. Ellie's fidgeting fingers were eager to unwrap the present, but Mother held her back.

Opening it, I saw a fingerless glove meant for my left hand. It was black, with a simple design, but embedded on the top of the glove were three white stones. The leather was stiff enough to serve as a gauntlet, but flexible enough for movement.

"The leather is from a spiked aurochs your father hunted himself, and I imbued healing spells into those three white stones. Each stone carries a single-use spell. It'll be a good idea to have some safety measures when you go out on missions." My mother smiled sadly. I could tell she still wasn't ready to send me off.

"Thanks Mom, Dad, Ellie. I love it. This'll be really useful for me." I gave each of my family members a big hug, then put on the glove. The material was quite sturdy, and the three healing spells would be extremely useful in a tight situation.

"Ahem! Next is us!" Vincent pulled out a small box and got dramatically down on one knee. He opened the box to reveal two silver rings, one plain and the other with a small, clear gem.

Uhh... Where is he going with this?

"Honey! Stop teasing the boy!" Tabitha smacked Vincent's shoulder as he tried to hold back his laughter.

"All right, all right! Arthur, this is more of a present for your family than for you, but I'm sure you'll appreciate it as well. This ring," Vincent said, pulling out the plain band, "is what you will be wearing, while this one"-he handed the gemmed ring to my mother-"is what your mother will be wearing."

Tabitha interrupted him eagerly. "Alice, while Arthur is wearing the ring, you'll be able to tell whether he's safe. The plain ring will keep tabs on the mana circulation that flows naturally through a mage's body. If the natural mana flow stops, the stone on your ring will glow red and emit a high-pitched sound."

"We thought really hard on what Arthur might need during his time as an adventurer," Vincent said, "but Lilia was actually the one who brought up the possibility of giving a present that'll help him and the rest of you. Unfortunately, the rings can't do much more than that, but I thought it would bring you some peace of mind, Alice, Rey." Vincent

shrugged his shoulders.

My mother teared up, clutching the ring. "Oh Tabitha, Lilia, thank you!" She hugged them both in a tight embrace. "Thank you, Vincent." She gave Vincent a deep bow, and he waved his hands, saying it was 'nothing much.'

I smiled, looking at my mother. If this ring could free my family from constantly worrying about me, then it was the best gift I could ask for. But I couldn't help being concerned at the psychological effect wearing the ring could have on my mother; she might end up checking it religiously.

"Well, how are we going to beat that, guys?" Adam chimed in as my guardian angel, Durden, walked toward me, handing me a roll of parchment. "You see, we were thinking along the same lines as the Helstea family. We couldn't really think of what to give the little mon ster, so we decided on this!" Adam waved his arm dramatically.

"Those two scrolls are sound transmission scrolls. I'm not going to elaborate on how expensive these were, because they were extremely expen-ouch!" Adam yelped as Jasmine smacked him on the head, then coughed and continued. "Anyway, with this, you now have a one-time source of communication. Just infuse mana into the scroll, Arthur, and you'll be able to send a message to the other scroll. After the holder of the other scroll receives it, Mama Leywin, you can then send a reply. Once the reply is sent and the other person listens to it, the parchment will turn to ashes." Adam gave a dramatic bow. "Tada! You're welcome!"

The members of the Twin Horns were all ribbing Adam for his egotistical performance, but they gave my family a warm smile.

I could tell my mother's and father's moods had improved significantly, now that they knew they wouldn't be sending their son off to whoknows-where with no way of knowing how he was doing and what would become of him.

I gave each of the Twin Horns and the Helstea family a hug, thanking them for the presents. Lilia turned beet red, while Tabitha just smiled at her daughter.

Honestly, I already had what I needed, but the ring and scroll would be an invaluable source of comfort for my family, which was what I worried about the most.

Soon after, my parents' ex-party members all left to go back to their inn. The Helstea family went back upstairs when Lilia started dozing off, tired from the long day, leaving me with just my parents. Ellie was asleep, cuddling a snoring Sylvie. I was already all packed, prepared to meet Jasmine in front of the house tomorrow morning and leave. This would be the last chance to have a real talk with them before I left.

"Tomorrow is the big day, son. Are you excited?" My father clasped my shoulders. His eyes were lined with red and I could see the tears he was holding back.

My mother had given up trying to contain her emotions and knelt down to give me a big bear hug, her face buried in my chest as she sniffled.

"I'll be fine Mom, Dad. I promise I'll come back home every chance I get. If anything happens, you'll be able to know."

After talking about my life and the dangers of being an adventurer, my parents ushered me back into my room. I plopped into bed and stared at the ceiling, Sylvie asleep next to me. I had a family and now, I had people who loved me. I had people who cared about me for who I was, not for the position I held. It was a feeling I never wanted to give up. I'd fight for it and would make sure to treasure this emotion that I had lacked in my previous world. And for that, I needed to bet ter myself. More so than when I had been a king.

27

## Examination

"Crying won't work. Shouldn't you be used to water by now, Sylv?"

"Kyuuuuu..." Sylvie finally escaped from my grasp and scurried out of the shower, still dripping.

I shook my head with a chuckle and finished washing up by myself. After dressing in a simple shirt and pants, I took one last look around the room I had been living in for the past few months, imprinting its image into my memory. I put on my glove and ring, packing the coat and mask-along with a few other necessities-into my bag. Then I strapped both Dawn's Ballad and my short sword to my waist before walking out.

"Trust Jasmine when things get rough. She may be the youngest, but don't doubt her strength and experience as an adventurer," my father advised as he pulled me into one last firm hug.

"Why are Brother and Sylvie leaving? No! Stay here!" My sister had just come to the realization that I wouldn't be home for a while. She was clutching my waist and refused to let go, using the weight of her body to anchor me down.

My mother attempted to console her. "Honey, your brother will be back soon, okay?"

But my sister refused to listen to reason and began shouting with tearfilled eyes. "Nonononono! Stay!" she demanded.

Kneeling down, I wrapped Ellie in my arms and patted her back. "I know you're a big girl now. Can you protect Mom and Dad while I'm gone for a bit, Ellie?"

After a bit of sobbing, she finally replied, in a muffled voice, "I can protect them..." before burying her head into my shoulder.

Letting go of her, I studied my baby sister's face, wiping away the tears streaming down her cheeks.

"Atta girl. Your big brother is going to be gone for a little bit, but I'll be back. I feel a lot better knowing that we have someone strong like my little sister here to protect the house."

"Yes!" she seconded eagerly, her eyes filled with a newfound determination.

Patting her head, I gave Mother and Father one last hug.

"We'll miss you. Don't forget to keep the ring on." My mother squeezed me tightly.

"Stay safe and know your limits, Arthur." Father placed a hand on my shoulder and stared at me, waiting for a response.

Know my limits, I repeated to myself, giving my father a firm nod. After the goodbyes were finished, I made my way down the front stairs to where Jasmine had been waiting.

I waved them one last farewell and gestured for my sister, who was waving both hands as she bit her lips to keep from crying, to cheer up. "Let's go, Jasmine," I declared while putting on the mask and coat. She replied with a terse nod and we headed downtown to the Adventurers Guild Hall.

The Guild Hall was not what I had expected it to be. I'd had a vivid image of a building filled with thugs seated around wooden tables downing beer. Instead, it was a place of prestige and luxury. A marble structure towered over us like a sacred museum. Once inside, it was clear to see how much work had been put into the intricately designed interior. There were tables made from metal where I could see other adventurers glancing at us as we passed. The whole place had an ambience of extravagance that didn't suit me, much less some of the barbarian-looking adventurers here.

"Welcome! How may I help you?" The receptionist's rehearsed smile gleamed a pearly white.

Before I had the chance to reply, Jasmine slid a piece of parchment to ward the woman.

"I would like to sponsor him for a rank examination," she said curtly. Her face remained expressionless.

"To sponsor-oh, of course, of course," the receptionist answered, nod ding her head eagerly as she handed back the piece of paper. Not many new adventurers had a sponsor. "Please, come over this way."

Getting up from her seat, the woman opened the door beside us from the other side. As we entered, I could hear the hushed murmurs around us.

"Oi, there's someone taking a rank examination," someone whispered.

"It's just a girl and some masked midget, though," another hoarse voice mocked.

I held back my questions and simply followed the clerk through the door in silence. She led us past the row of seats behind the glass counter where the receptionists were stationed and into a small room. The office was minimally decorated with two leather couches positioned to face each other. On the far end of the room was a dark wooden desk facing the door. A slender man was seated behind the pile of neatly-stacked papers, jotting down something with a quill pen. The man looked up at the sound of his office door opening, revealing a sharp and angular face. The head of black hair I had been staring at was parted down the center and reached just past his thin neck. He regarded us intently from behind his rimless glasses.

"A-Class adventurer Jasmine Flamesworth has requested this..."-the clerk's voice trailed off as she eyed me cautiously-"...gentleman to be taken in for a rank examination."

"Yes, I'm quite familiar with Miss Flamesworth. You may wait outside, Mary." The slender man waved her away as he stood up. "Miss Flamesworth, how are you these days? I met with your father not too long ago."

Jasmine simply gave a terse nod, barely constituting a bow, as the man approached us. Her expression had become more guarded since we had entered this room, but at the mention of her father, Jasmine's hands clenched into fists.

The man shifted his attention to me, finally acknowledging my presence. "It is a pleasure to meet you," he said. "My name is Kaspian Bladeheart, and I am in charge of this branch. I presume you must have some sort of close relationship with Miss Flamesworth. May I have your name?" His gaze darted up and down as he quickly assessed me.

"Kuu!" Sylvie answered in my stead. I had made her transform back in to her original form for my time as an adventurer; her horns protruded now, and her red spikes were visible.

"I go by Note," I answered gruffly. The name didn't mean much; I had chosen it fairly mindlessly, based on the blue streak that went through the left eye slit of my mask, which reminded me of a single musical half-note.

Kaspian's eyes widened in surprise but he quickly recovered, responding with a casual smile. Seeing a mana beast didn't seem to surprise him, which seemed reasonable, considering his line of work. "Very well, Mister... Note, we will proceed with Miss Flamesworth here as your sponsor. Do you know how this will work?"

I shook my head and he began to explain. "An adventurer of B-class or higher has the right to sponsor a new adventurer for an examination. After this exam we will place you in a suitable rank. This way, you can avoid the struggle of starting from the very beginning. The rank exam consists only of the practical portion. Now, judging by your weapons, I assume you are either a fighter or augmenter, yes?" He looked quizzically at the black stick tied to my waist below my short sword.

"Yes."

"Good. Usually, there would be a quick application along with an inspection of your mana core before the exam, but since it is Miss Flamesworth here sponsoring you, I will waive those steps." He crossed to the far end of his office and opened another door. "Mary, take these two to the examination hall."

"Yes, sir." The receptionist, who had been waiting outside the room, entered hastily and led us toward the back door. "Please, Mr. Note, Miss Flamesworth, right this way."

I peered at Jasmine through my mask as we made our way down the long corridor. Was this why she had wanted to be the one to accompany me? The Flamesworth House was mentioned with a fair degree of respect, but who exactly were they?

I squinted as my eyes tried to adjust to the sudden brightness when we stepped out of the dark passage. As the blinding glow subsided, I was able to make out the details of the hall we were in. The brightly lit area was an indoor, dirt-floored arena with standard theater seats, like exaggerated stairs. There was only a scattering of people in the room, but, despite the mostly empty seats, the atmosphere was tense, and everyone's eyes focused on the two people who stood in the center of the arena.

The receptionist spoke quietly. "Examinees are seated over there," she said, indicating a group of people clustered together not far from us, "but you can just take a seat in this area since testing is already in progress. There are quite a number of examinees today, so please remain seated until your name is called." The receptionist gave us one last,

quick bow before scurrying back down the rows of stone seats. Slipping quietly into a seat, I placed Sylvie between Jasmine and me, then leaned forward to get a better view of the two fighters about to duel. Jasmine simply leaned back with her legs crossed as if bored.

"Hah!" the larger, bald man roared as he swung down his polearm. He was obviously at a disadvantage. His opponent was of average build, with short black hair and a jagged scar that ran down his cheek, but he was easily dodging all of the bald man's wide swings. The scarred fighter had an apathetic expression much like Jasmine's. He didn't even bother using the broadsword he carried in his right hand as he weaved around his opponent's brash attacks. Red-faced with frustration, the bald fighter bellowed, "Take that!" The fact that he was announcing his next attack could mean he was confident, or simply an amateur. In this case, it seemed to be the latter.

The polearm he had raised high above his head suddenly began glowing a dim orange as a heat wave surrounded his weapon. The scarred man's expression changed from boredom to mild interest.

"Hell Smash!" the bald man roared as he hacked down. Conjurers chanted spells to focus their intent, and many augmenters similarly chose to vocalize the name of their attack. However, for such a simple move, it seemed excessive.

Even from up here, I could see that the scarred man was unimpressed as he held up his broadsword to take the attack.

The sharp ring of metal meeting metal echoed throughout the arena, and the sight of the polearm spinning high up into the air made it easy to determine who the winner of the exchange was.

The large cueball of a man gawked down at his empty hands, seeming surprised that his ace attack had been so easily dealt with.

"Your skill as a polearm wielder is nonexistent and your battle senses are lousy, and that's me being nice. You depend too much on physical strength compared to your mana reinforcement, which throws your at tack's balance off. You've just turned thirty-five but you're only at the dark orange stage. I would normally put someone of your caliber at E- class, but seeing as how you have a fire affinity-if that little heater move you just did can even be called fire-I'll pass you as a D-class... barely." The examiner's assessment was curt and to the point, but I couldn't have agreed more with him.

"Next, Diane Whitehall," a robed clerk called, reading from a clip board as the bald examinee dispiritedly made his way up into the arena's seats, picking up his polearm along the way. He seemed too embarrassed to even glance at the examinees still waiting in the bullpen.

"Yes! Coming!" A young woman stood, then scampered and stumbled along the rows of seats. She was a freckled girl who looked to be well into her teens. Her curly brown hair was tied back and she was wearing a standard conjurer's robe, which looked more like a fancy bathrobe. She fumbled to get her wand out of her belt but did manage to get into position without dropping it.

Snickers and giggles from the audience spread through the arena, and the girl-Diane-seemed to shrink in embarrassment.

"What a waste of time. Just fail her." A voice caught my attention, and I turned toward the group of examinees just in time to see a boy mockingly shake his head.

He didn't look much older than me, which surprised me. I hadn't expected there to be others so young trying to become an adventurer. The conjurer's robe he wore made Diane's robe look even more like a bathrobe by comparison. With its embellishments and his other finer ies, and the position he occupied-sitting a little apart from the other candidates-it was clear he was a noble. His blond hair covered his ears and was trimmed to fall just above his dull green eyes; he was an attractive boy, and by the smirk that was plastered to his face and the way he lifted his chin just a tad-so he was always looking down at everything-it was clear he thought of himself as a superstar.

However, what caught my eye was the polished white wooden staff at the boy's side. Embedded at the very top of the staff was a large rubycolored gem that sparkled in the stadium lights.

He was a fine example of someone who rubbed me the wrong way, so I chose to turn my attention back to the arena floor.

The scarred man who had examined the bald augmenter had taken his seat, being replaced by a woman who I assumed would be the conjurer's examiner. She wore a conjurer's hat in the shape of a large cone, which cast a shadow that covered most of her face. When she tilted her hat back, I was able to see her clearly. Her thin eyes darted around at the audience before she cleared her throat loudly, a signal for everyone to settle down. At her nod, the clerk spoke.

"Ahem! Diane Whitehall, age eighteen, a conjurer at the solid orange stage with a single specialization in water."

Once a conjurer had reached the orange stage, it was apparent where his or her specialty lay. Instead of trying to become adept at all four elements, it was much more efficient to focus solely on the element of one's highest affinity. For dual specialization and up, there would be a strict test to see if you really were adept at two elements. In Diane's case, single specialization meant that she would rely primarily on water spells.

The clerk scurried out of the arena, and the female examiner raised her grey staff. "Let us begin."

Instantly, the freckled examinee murmured a spell, conjuring a bubble of water to surround her.

Battling as a conjurer usually meant setting up defensive measures- most weren't proficient in reinforcing their bodies with mana. Diane's examiner, however, didn't cast a defensive spell. Instead she chose to go on the offensive.

"Sandstorm!" the pale examiner shouted, and a gale of wind whirled sand around the freckled girl and her defensive water bubble.

The gust of sand merged with the water, turning Diane's defensive spell into a large orb of mud. "Release!" The mud bubble burst at her command. Jumping back, she muttered another spell, and a pressured ball of water began forming at the tip of her wand. Then the sphere of water burst towards the pale examiner at blazing speed.

Rather than defending against the spell, the examiner nimbly dodged the water sphere. As I watched, I realized this was the first time I had witnessed a duel between two conjurers. This mock fight would be a good way to study the differences in fighting styles between longrange conjurers and melee augmenters.

"Burst!" the freckled teen screamed, swinging her wand down. The condensed ball of water exploded just as it zipped past the examiner, obscuring the stadium in a cloud of mist.

The noble who had been mocking the girl earlier was shaking his head in disdain.

"She's not bad," Jasmine mumbled beside me.

The mist, which had hidden the examiner from view, faded away to re veal that she was no longer there. Without warning she burst out of the ground behind Diane, lightly thumping the top of the girl's head with her staff.

Diane jumped forward with a yelp of surprise.

"I must say, your control is quite decent, Miss Whitehall. You were a little overconfident in your last spell chain, not preparing any defensive measures, but overall your efficiency in mana control and cast speed was good. C-class!"

Diane let out a sigh of relief. Being a C-class adventurer at her age was something she could be proud of.

"Next! Elijah Knight," the clipboard-carrying clerk announced.

"Here..." A boy stood, his short-trimmed, jet-black hair falling low across his forehead. The serious expression he bore beneath his square-framed glasses made him look more mature than his age-he looked even younger than the blond noble-and he seemed somewhat unapproachable. He wore a simple beige long-sleeve shirt and black pants and didn't carry any weapons. I half-expected him to be an augmenter, but the fact that the examiners didn't switch out indicated otherwise. I was intrigued to see that he didn't approach the arena, but simply stood in place.

The clerk had approached the examiner and was holding his notes up for her to see as he whispered something into her ear.

The examiner's thin eyes widened in her pale face, but she quickly re gained her composure and gave a nod.

"Elijah Knight, age ten," the clerk announced, and I waited for the boy to come forward. Instead, the clerk took a few steps back as the examiner spoke.

"I have been informed of your status. You are hereby assigned the rank of B-class adventurer."

B-class at his age, and he didn't even need to get tested?

I could see looks of disbelief on everyone's faces. Even the augmenter examiner's face was surprised, and he craned his neck to get a better view of the boy in question.

The solemn boy merely gave a small bow and sat back down in his original seat without a word. He didn't seem to have any family or friends waiting for him.

"Next, Lucas Wykes," the clerk called.

"Hmph! Finally." The blond-haired noble boy jumped up from his seat and made his way leisurely to the floor, staff in hand.

The clerk looked down at his notes, seeming uncertain of what he saw there. "Lucas Wykes, eleven years old. Conjurer at the... light orange stage! Single specialization in fire."

I was astonished to hear that he was already at the light orange stage. How is that even possible?

Lucas didn't even bow, just leaned lazily against his staff.

"Let us begin," the examiner declared, obviously irked by the boy's lack of respect.

At her announcement, Lucas took a step back as he chanted a spell. "Arise, my protector!"

A pillar of fire erupted in front of him, then faded to reveal a humanoid form, more than six feet tall and made of flames.

"Ah, Flame Guardian. Looks like we have a special talent today. As to be expected of a member of the Wykes family," said the augmenter examiner from the sidelines, with a whistle of awe.

The flame guardian sprinted towards the examiner, leaving smoldering footprints in its path as Lucas began casting another spell.

So he did have some skill to back up his ego.

The examiner was clearly impressed, but she responded skilfully with a wave of her grey staff and a few words to ignite her spell, then called, "Earth Tomb!"

Three triangular planes of solid earth shot up from the ground, trap ping the fire guardian inside a pyramid of rock.

It was a good response. The flame guardian would be naturally extinguished once it used up the limited amount of oxygen inside the tomb. Lucas only chortled, however, as he finished his chant. "Too late, Miss Examiner."

The ruby stone embedded in his staff shone a dazzling orange and a spark burst up into the air. This seemingly harmless spark then exploded like a firework, generating dozens of small, floating tendrils of fire. The tendrils remained afloat all around the arena, surrounding them both. The examiner's face turned serious now.

"The boy is good," Jasmine said, with a rare note of approval in her voice.

I was a little confused as to the purpose of those floating embers, but my question was soon answered.

Dashing backward, Lucas raised his staff above his head. He shouted, "Expulsion!" and the dozens of fire tendrils briefly radiated a bright red-then shot beams of fire at the examiner.

Aiming her staff at the ground below her, the examiner calmly continued chanting. The surface around her glimmered a bright yellow as multiple pieces of earth began emerging from the ground. I recognized the spell she was casting-Stone Shard Field.

The glowing rocks darted into formation to block the lasers of flame- but they didn't just block the lasers. They turned them back toward Lucas.

"Release!" Lucas yelled desperately, his face going pale. The wisps in the air disappeared, but the flames they had already emitted were still heading towards him.

Pointing his huge staff at the multiple flaming trails rapidly approaching him, he cast another spell.

A cyclone of fire, just large enough to surround him, sprang up from the ground. The approaching trails of flame were caught up in the vortex of the fire tornado, merging harmlessly with it.

"Pierce," the examiner commanded with a fluid motion. The hovering rock shards that had redirected the flames wobbled for an instant, then shot forward at the flame tornado that hid Lucas. They bulleted through the fiery cyclone, shredding it out of existence. The shards stopped just short of Lucas, who was trembling with anger and shielding himself with his staff held in front of him.

"How dare you! This is a preposterous lack of decency for a mere rank exam! I demand this be recorded and dealt with accordingly," Lucas cried. His once-creamy complexion was now a few shades lighter and a layer of sweat covered his face.

"Calm yourself, Mr. Wykes. I have enough control to keep myself from skewering arrogant little children," the examiner said calmly, leaving Lucas to stare at the woman balefully, his mouth twisting in silent curses.

"Your control over your spells, and your creativity in their combinations, are both excellent. As long as you are cautious and know your limits, I believe you will have a great future ahead of you, Mr. Wykes. I think it is safe to say you can be placed into B-class. Do you agree, George?" She turned to the augmenters' examiner, who gave a simple shrug in response. Clearly he did not object.

Whatever outrage Lucas had felt toward the examiner seemed to have disappeared into thin air at this decision, and the blond boy's smug grin was back in place.

"Whoa!"

"Another little monster!"

"I might as well just go home."

"What is with today's crowd?"

The examinees still waiting their turn cried out and complained in envy, and those who had already taken the exam murmured excitedly amongst their companions and the other audience members.

"What did you blundering apes expect? Did you think I was on your level?" Lucas taunted as he dusted off his robe.

He made his way across the arena and took a seat amongst what seemed to be a small entourage, who murmured congratulations and praise. The examiner, who didn't even appear tired, switched places with the augmenter examiner, George.

The scarred man got up, stretching his body like a lazy cat and casually high-fiving the conjurer as he walked past her.

The clerk announced, "Next examinee, uh, Note." In response to George's questioning look, the clerk gave an elaborate shrug and held up his clipboard for inspection.

"Let's go," George bellowed, clearly annoyed. Jasmine placed a hand on my shoulder. "Good luck." Giving a firm nod in response, I walked down the steps, leaving a worried-looking Sylvie in Jasmine's care.

"It seems you're testing under special conditions, seeing as we don't have any information about you. Let's see what you're made of, then." George regarded me with a curious stare, trying to look through my mask's eye slit to see who I was.

Then he smoothly unsheathed his sword, and I did the same.

"Begin!" he announced while lunging at me. The thrust was aimed directly at my head, most likely intended to scare me.

Instead of dodging back or ducking, I faced the incoming tip of the sword and took a step forward, willing mana into my legs. Tilting my head just enough for the flat of the blade to graze harmlessly past my mask, I brought my sword up in one swift motion.

George's sharp eyes widened at my counter. He desperately recoiled, hoping to get into position in time to block my swing, but the tip of my sword was already pressed against the man's throat. The examiner immediately froze, afraid that with any sudden movement my blade might actually embed itself into his neck, regardless of his mana reinforcement.

"Enough," a voice interrupted. "Stand down, George. I'll be the one to test this particular examinee." It was Kaspian.

Turning my head, I saw the thin, bespectacled man from the office making his way down the stone steps of the arena.

"Sir? You will be personally examining this candidate?" George backed away from my blade as casually as possible, but a bead of blood rolled down his neck. "I don't mean to sound presumptuous, but is there really a need for an AA-class to lower himself to test an examinee? I am more than capable enough to assess this applicant," he continued, quickly wiping the blood off with his hand.

Kaspian's gaze lowered to George's neck, silencing the examiner.

It would be a lie to say I was unsurprised, myself. An AA-class adventurer was a much higher level of strength than an A-class. As the class ranks increased, each jump was exponential. Moving from D-class to C-class was incomparable to what it took to advance from A-class to AA-class. At a rough estimate, being an AA-class adventurer signified that you had the strength of ten A-class adventurers.

Compared to the rest, Kaspian would be at a whole other tier of strength. I was curious to know what stage his mana core was at, but there was no way for me to find out without him knowing.

"His sponsor has deep ties to me, so I feel obliged to test him personally," he said, reaching for a thin rapier on his waist. He waved George away, and then it was just the two of us, standing in the center of the dirt-floored arena.

"Let us begin."

28

## Changes in Dicathen

I held my short sword just above my waist, ready to attack or defend. The sounds filling the arena soon faded away, and my focus centered solely on the man standing in front of me: Kaspian Bladeheart, the man in charge of one of the biggest Guild Halls in Sapin.

He held the menacing rapier lightly with his right hand. He stood up right, making figure-eights with the tip of his blade while letting out a little hum. Yet he offered no openings. The baleful pressure of his bloodlust was heavy, but he smiled innocently.

Memories of fighting in the dueling arena in my previous world flashed to mind as the air grew tense between us. My focus sharpened to its limit. The only sounds that reached my ears came from Kaspian: his blade whistling in the air, the crinkling sounds of his thin clothes, his controlled breaths. My instincts screamed for me to use caution against this man.

I could feel my hands tremble ever so slightly-not from apprehension, but from excitement. I hadn't thought I'd find an opponent of this caliber so soon. This battle wasn't to the death, but I knew it would different from the spars I'd had with Grandpa Virion back in Elenoir.

"I knew at first glance that you would have to be assessed in a different manner," Kaspian commented as he lowered his stance. "I hope you don't take this... special treatment to heart."

In that brief moment, I analysed every piece of useful information I could about this man. His reach was longer than mine by about a foot, and his stance indicated that he primarily relied on thrusts rather than swings. Just from the amount of mana I could sense swirling around him, it was safe to assume he wouldn't make any careless mistakes.

"Please prepare yourself. I wouldn't want someone Miss Flamesworth has sponsored to lose too quickly."

He sprang forward, kicking up a cloud of dust as he closed the gap be tween us. In one fluid motion, he lunged with his rapier like a coiled spring, using the momentum of his initial step.

I twisted my head to avoid the stab, but a few strands of my hair drifted to the arena floor, severed by his blade.

"Excellent dodge," he mused, drawing his rapier back in preparation for his next attack and immediately following up with an angled lunge.

I raised my scabbard. The clash of the impact echoed throughout the arena and I was thrown off-balance. It seemed my undeveloped form still kept me from using the full extent of my prior knowledge in swordsmanship.

I recovered from this setback by pivoting myself, using the momentum of his attack to whirl my body, generating a powerful swing.

Kaspian leaned back an instant before my sword reached his head, but a thin, red line appeared across the tip of his nose.

His narrow eyes widened in surprise, but he recovered almost immediately. I took advantage of that split second, bringing my sword back to take a sharp, upward swipe at his unguarded legs. My blade reflected the arena lights, producing a silver arc as it hissed through the air.

The sharp sounds of clashing blades resounded through the stadium as my opponent repositioned his sword to defend against mine. We seemed to have had the same intent, and we both used the opportunity to put distance between us. Only a matter of seconds had passed during the deadly exchange, and each of us came out with only minor injuries.

I switched my sword to the other arm; the impact of our last blow had produced a sharp vibration that made my right hand tremble. The fact that I was still unaccustomed to fighting in this body was all too apparent as I flexed my hand.

"I must apologize for underestimating you. I shall be a bit more serious now." Kaspian's voice was calm, but his face expressed a certain degree of intensity that hadn't been there before.

His sharp eyes gleamed with a powerful killing intent-one that could only be present in someone who had years of fighting under his belt. His rapier was still pointed at me, and, as he brought it closer toward himself, the blade began glowing with a silvery hue.

"Ha!" Letting out a sharp breath, he thrust the rapier, piercing the air in front of him.

The hairs on the back of my neck rose, and my instincts screamed for me to run away. Reflexively, I pivoted myself away from my opponent t's attack, but a sharp pain burst from my shoulder and hot blood seeped into the sleeve of my robe.

"Seems Miss Flamesworth has picked up someone worthwhile after all," Kaspian acknowledged.

As far as I was concerned, this was no longer a simple assessment. Whether he had expected me to dodge or not, he had aimed for my heart.

Would I have been able to defeat him easily if I were in the body of my past life? I wasn't sure. There were too many factors that played in to this: the quality of our swords, the use of long-range mana manipulation, which didn't exist in my old world...

Taking a moment to build up the charge for his next attack, he gave two more rapid thrusts, but I knew what to expect. He was creating sharp bullets of wind, which were nearly invisible. However, that did n't mean they were impossible to dodge.

Using his previous attack as my reference, I was able to gauge the speed the spell was travelling at. It followed a straight line along the direction of his jab, so while the spell's speed was frightening, there were holes to take advantage of.

I ducked underneath the first bullet of wind as it barely grazed my hair and parried the second bullet with the flat of my blade, deflecting his spell away from me. Then I immediately willed mana into my legs and dashed toward Kaspian.

I had to close the distance between us now that I knew he had a longrange spell at his disposal, but even in terms of melee combat, I knew it would be a hard battle.

My body was several inches shorter than what I was used to from sword-fighting in my previous life, and I had a much smaller pool of mana to utilize. So even with the assimilation of Sylvia's dragon will making my body tougher, I didn't have much of an advantage against a veteran fighter whose body was enhanced with mana.

My only advantage was the fact that Kaspian didn't know what I had up my sleeve.

Focusing mana into my free hand, I ran my fingers down the blade of my sword, imbuing it with fire. Approaching him, I swung down to re lease an arc of fiery red.

I could see the concentration on Kaspian's face as he willed more mana into his rapier, until it glowed a silvery white once more. He fanned away the flames with a powerful swing, leaving an ever-soslight window for me to take advantage of.

Gathering mana into the sole of my left foot, I molded the spell-Pis ton Stamp-to manifest into the proper form.

A succession of fiery explosions erupted underneath my foot, propelling me forward until I was directly beside Kaspian.

"How-" was all he could manage. His mouth was agape, his rapier still in position from his defense against my previous attack-which I had used as a feint.

My position wasn't optimal; I had launched myself a foot further than I'd wanted to, but it was enough.

I didn't have time to form a proper spell. I simply strengthened my body with mana and thrust my sword forward.

However, even as my blade closed in on Kaspian, I was able to make out the last few words of the Guild Hall manager's chant.

"... Gale's Vortex!"

I was barely able to rescind my attack and jump away as an intense swirl of air burst forth from Kaspian, surrounding him in a protective twister. He was hidden from view within the tornado of wind and de bris, allowing me some time to prepare for his next attack.

The spell was released to reveal Kaspian, sweating and panting, with his sword arm tucked closely to his side like a snake about to lash out. His left arm was stretched out-palm open-and aimed directly at me. The blade of his rapier glowed an even brighter silver.

"Pierce!" he roared as his rapier disappeared in a blur of countless thrusts.

This was supposed to be just an exam. Was he actually trying to kill me?

"Screw this," I muttered to myself, concentrating the last of my remaining mana deep into the sensory and motor neurons in my body, preparing my next spell-Thunderclap Impulse.

While training with Grandpa Virion, I had managed to develop a few techniques using knowledge from my previous world-this one used lightning affinity mana to run currents of electricity throughout my nerves, quickening my reflexes to a superhuman extent. The average human had a reaction time of around 0.3 seconds, but there were trained fighters who could get it down to 0.2 or even 0.15 seconds. Using Thunderclap Impulse, I was briefly able to speed up my reaction

time to about 0.05 seconds.

My pupils contracted and the hairs on my skin stood up on end due to the electric currents.

I could hear the sharp whispers of the air bullets shooting towards me as I readied myself to dodge them.

"Release!" Kaspian screamed.

The torrent of air bullets suddenly dissipated, rendering his spell no more than a harmless draft of wind.

"I may have gotten a bit carried away with testing your limits," he apologized, sheathing his sword. I released my own spell as well. Then the Guild Hall manager turned away and headed toward the exit.

"Given the fact that you so adamantly withheld your full abilities until the end, I can only assume that you wish to be placed at a lower rank," he said, not breaking his stride. "Note. B-class."

Just before he disappeared back down the passageway he had come from, Kaspian turned his head and looked me in the eye. One lens of his glasses was cracked. "I'm sure you have no problem with this?"

I merely nodded my head in agreement, then watched him walk out of sight down the dark corridor.

"That was the last examination for today. Please go to the front desk to receive your adventurer's card. Everyone is dismissed!" the augmenter examiner shouted as he and the conjurer examiner both rushed after their boss.

### KASPIAN BLADEHEART

Back at my desk, before I even had the chance to sit down, the examiners in charge of today's placements had barged in and were bombarding me with questions.

"George, Emily, take a seat. And don't talk all at once," I sighed, sinking heavily into my chair.

"Sir! What was going on with today's examinees?" George shouted. "Three B-class adventurers right off the bat in one day? That's unheard of. Not to mention that all three of them were kids! Light orange at the age of eleven... has that ever occurred in humans?" Emily nodded fervently in agreement.

"Do you remember what happened half a year ago here in Xyrus?" I asked.

"Six months ago... that was when the first tournament between the three races took place, right?" Emily answered.

"Yes. The Adventurers Guild workers will all know soon, so there isn't much point in hiding it. I was just notified a couple of weeks ago that the ban on elves and dwarves becoming adventurers has been lifted. Today's batch included some of the representative examinees." I pulled a thin file from my desk drawer.

"Sir, do you mean to say that all three of them were dwarves or elves?" George's eyes had widened to a frightening degree in his shock.

"Lucas Wykes is a half-elf who has been residing in Sapin. The information on his birth is classified, but if I had to guess, he was probably born to an elf slave. The Wykes family has always had a bad reputation for dabbling in nefarious ways of breeding better mages for their house. He's an unusual case, though-being so adept in flame affinity, despite his elf lineage. He awakened at the age of eight-which is early, even by elf standards-and was sent here for a sort of trial run. The Wykes family no doubt expended a lot of money buying beast cores and other resources to quicken his growth."

I flipped to the next page. "And Elijah Knight. He's quite the mystery. According to the file, his origin is unknown. He was, however, raised among dwarves from a young age. He was sent as one of the first representatives from the kingdom of Darv to assimilate into the human kingdom."

"Why wasn't he tested, sir?" Emily asked, her voice higher than usual from excitement. "The clerk told me to just put him into B-class."

"Elijah awakened a few months ago, so he's barely reached the darkred stage. He was given a B-class ranking because-well, it has to do with the person sponsoring him. Even I don't have a say in his case, so we can only let him be. I'm curious as to what his abilities are, though." I shook my head, putting down his file.

"As for that masked augmenter from today, to be honest, I have no idea who he is, but he wasn't representing the elves or the dwarves. I was simply curious as to what kind of person Miss Flamesworth would be willing to sponsor."

"Flamesworth... as in Flamesworth House? The house that's famous for birthing the strongest fire-attribute mages?"

I put away the file and regarded them seriously, adjusting my glasses. "I have told you all this because you'll find out soon anyway. However, I trust that you will refrain from discussing it with others until the announcement has been officially made."

Both employees nodded fervently, and I dismissed them.

I was left to ponder over the day's events.

That masked augmenter... His techniques were not the standard skills most fire-attribute mages used. Even his style with the sword-it was something that made me shiver.

Nevertheless, I had the sense that his movements were off somehow. His movements had been awkward at times, as if he were somehow re strained, even uncomfortable with his own body.

I dismissed my wandering thoughts and began going over the pile of unread documents on my desk. But I couldn't help but grin to myself; this continent was changing. There would be, I felt certain, many more interesting events to come.

### ARTHUR LEYWIN

The same receptionist who had led us to the examination site handed me my bronze adventurer's card at the front desk. From E-class to B- class, the card was a copper color; an A-class adventurer's card was silver, then gold for AA-class and white for S-class.

"Are you and Kaspian close, Jasmine?" I asked after putting away my card. Sylvie was asleep on my head.

"He's an acquaintance of my father," she said simply, with a cold chill to her voice.

I didn't dig any further. My adventuring partner obviously didn't have any positive feelings regarding the man. Changing the subject, I asked, "So what should we do next?"

She didn't answer right away. There were several options. We could take on missions that were at, or below, our ranks. These missions included a variety of tasks, from guarding nobles or merchants to acquiring difficult to find reagents, many of which were used to create magi cal items. We could transport ourselves to the Beast Glades and explore while hunting down mana beasts. Or-

"Dungeon-exploring," Jasmine answered, a faint smile forming on her face.

29

## Sword and Body

Sylvie stirred from her slumber at the mention of exploring a dungeon, but I remained silent, staring down at the hilts of my two swords.

Today's battle with Kaspian had confirmed a lot of things for me. I'd spent too much time adjusting to and learning this world's magic system-assimilating with Sylvia's beast will, honing my lightning- and ice-attribute techniques, along with all the other elements. I had be come so engrossed in the fact that this world made it possible to actually produce physical manifestations of elements that I had neglected my foundation, the very thing I was best at: physical combat.

In my past life, I had used the simplest techniques to utilize the most of my meager ki pool. With that and my sword, I had been able to rise to the top. Dicathen offered so many more possibilities, but if I was to truly excel and become the best in this world, I was going to have to not only use my gifts in this life, but my experiences from my previous life.

Absorbed in my thoughts, I felt someone bump my shoulder. I looked up as the blond noble, Lucas, strutted past me amidst his entourage of guards and servants.

Seeing that he had my attention, he stopped and faced me. "You're not bad for an augmenter, but that's all you are. Don't get cocky just because we happen to be ranked in the same class. Even within ranks there are levels, and you would be at the bottom. Know your place, commoner!" Lucas spat venomously. Then he smirked, tilting his head back so he could look down his nose at me. The fact that he was a fair bit shorter than me meant that he just looked silly.

Not bothering to argue with him, I just turned back to Jasmine. "Let's go to the portal."

Xyrus had more teleportation gates than any other city-the gates were the only way one could enter Xyrus, it being a floating city and all. My senses were jolted by the sudden change in scenery as we crossed through one of the many gates, stepping from a stone floor on to a worn path; we had been teleported directly to the Beast Glades. The chirping of birds, occasional cries and roaring of beasts, and the constant burble of flowing water filled the background, creating an enticing symphony of natural sounds. With its beautiful landscape-tall trees and numerous hills covered in various plants and shrubs-it was hard to believe that this area was filled with magical beasts capable of killing even the strongest mage. However, because of the abundant natural resources here on the outskirts, this area was primarily inhabited by the lower ranking beasts. The deeper an adventurer travelled, the more mysterious and treacherous the landscape became. The lairs of powerful beasts that had, in their solitude, amassed both treasure and power, filled the unexplored regions of the Beast Glades.

I breathed in the crisp air as Jasmine arrived behind me through the teleportation gate. Then, suddenly, Sylvie hopped off my head and scurried away.

"Wait, Sylv! Where are you going?" I called after her, dumbfounded. Sylvie transmitted a vague response; I could feel her excitement as she sent out thoughts about her plans to train as well.

Since the day she had hatched, my bond had never left my side-until now. I was filled with unease, but after realizing that I was able to sense her whereabouts, I began to calm down.

"She'll be okay. Mana beasts have a natural instinct to grow stronger," Jasmine explained, standing next to me. "She must've felt very suffocated being in a sheltered environment all of her life."

She put her hand on my shoulder, the signal for us to start moving. "There's a place I want to visit first before we go to a dungeon. We have to hurry, though; it gets a little more dangerous at night." Willing mana into her body, Jasmine bolted off into the distance, her wind-attribute mana propelling her even faster.

I followed, forming two gales of wind below my feet as I dashed after her. I made sure to keep tabs on Sylvie-it wasn't difficult, since she and I were mentally linked. Even as the distance grew between us, our connection remained strong, and I was able to sense that Sylvie was catching small prey. Her ecstatic mood was contagious.

The journey lasted a few hours. The only reason I was able to keep up with Jasmine-who was at dark yellow stage, compared to my light red-was because I had used mana rotation along the way. This skill had become almost second nature to me now, and I utilized it unconsciously whenever I exerted mana.

By late evening, we had made our way through a dense forest and arrived at a small clearing- a field of grass surrounded by trees, with a stream of clear water flowing through it.

"We'll camp out here for a few days," Jasmine announced as she set down her bag and took out a roll of thick canvas and a small pot.

"This is the place you wanted to visit?" I set down my bag as well and surveyed our surroundings, looking for anything noteworthy. She simply shook her head and began gathering wood for a fire.

I went into the forest and brought back some decent-sized branches. Before long, we had a fire crackling and popping in the middle of our camp. Making myself comfortable, I removed my mask and sat silently by her, next to the fire.

After several minutes of silence, I asked Jasmine, "What made you want to become an adventurer?"

Her gaze never left the fire. The awkward silence stretched out, and I just stared back at the flame, assuming she didn't want to answer. "I wanted to get away from my family." The wood in the fire was snap ping fiercely, and she spoke so quietly I almost missed hearing the words.

"I see... were you on bad terms with your family?" I responded, my eyes focused on the fire.

It was several more long moments before she spoke.

"The Flamesworth House was a major contributor to the war against the elves. Our house has produced many powerful mages, both conjurers and augmenters. Our lineage in the fire-attribute element was second to none. We took great pride in this, because fire is considered the most powerful of the elements," she said monotonously.

She kept her sentences short, but this was the most I'd ever heard Jas mine say in one sitting.

"But Jasmine, aren't you..." I looked up at her, and she nodded in response.

"From an early age, when I had first awakened and started training, my family began checking my mana for fire affinity. I went through various tests so they could see how my mana was exerted and how it flowed through my mana channels." She paused and poked at the fire before continuing. "When it became clear that I had no aptitude for

the fire-attribute, my family regarded me as... lesser." I didn't know how to respond to her. For the first time, the always aloof and cold Jasmine seemed... vulnerable. "I'm sorry to hear that," was the only response I could manage.

Shaking her head, she gave me a faint smile. "The Twin Horns have treated me well, and I don't dislike what I am."

I glanced at Jasmine's palm as she formed a small swirl of wind, emotions running across her face as she peered at her hand. This world was a place of discrimination and classification. The hierarchical roots imbedded into this land would never truly disappear. Normal humans were considered second-rate people, and even amongst mages, augmenters were discriminated against by conjurers. It went further than that-unless one was a deviant or a dual element specialist, some elements were considered 'higher class' than others. Being born into a family of powerful fire-attribute mages, she had been discarded as inferior because of her elemental attribute-something most mages would kill to acquire. She was a dark yellow augmenter, skilled in fighting and mana manipulation at the age of only twenty-four. Many would consider her a genius, but by the standards she had grown up with, she considered herself inferior. That didn't sit right with me.

We placed more wood in the fire, to last through the coldest parts of the night, and laid out our sleeping bags a few feet away, just close enough to feel the heat.

Lying down, I pried into my mind to feel Sylvie's presence. She was a good distance away but I could tell she was safe. She sent me a thought of confirmation, telling me not to worry and that I should stay safe as well.

I closed my eyes and waited to drift off. Then I heard Jasmine mumble something.

"...It's weird. When I talk to you, it doesn't feel like I'm talking to a child."

I didn't respond. I pretended to be asleep and hoped she wouldn't push for a reply.

Jasmine was up and cooking something over the fire by the time I woke up and crawled out of my sleeping bag.

My stomach rumbled, reminding me that I hadn't eaten since yester day afternoon as I looked hungrily at the skewered fish being grilled on the fire.

"Good morning! You should've woken me up, Jasmine. There's no need for you to do all the chores on your own."

"I tried waking you up. You wouldn't budge." She looked at me through heavy-lidded eyes with what seemed to be a mixture of apathy and concern. "If I hadn't heard you breathing, I would've mistaken you for a corpse."

I let out an awkward chuckle. "I'm sorry. It's a bad habit of mine." After devouring our breakfast of grilled fish, we put out the fire. I washed in the nearby stream, then put on my mask and swords. I assumed we'd go hunting for some mana beasts in the area, but Jasmine stopped me.

"Your opponent for these next few days will be me."

"Huh?" I couldn't help but be surprised at this turn of events. We came all the way here to spar?

"We're close to the dungeon we will be exploring, but I want you to focus on fighting me first. Your fighting style seems... awkward at times. Like, you know it in your head, but your body doesn't listen to you." She unsheathed her two daggers and pointed one at me, saying,

"We won't use any kind of mana while we spar."

I hadn't expected Jasmine to catch on to what I had been worried about, but it was a good opportunity.

"Good idea," I replied, unsheathing my short sword.

"Use your other sword." Jasmine's eyes flickered toward Dawn's Bal lad.

"How did you know this was a sword?" I hadn't planned to hide my weapon from her, but I was still caught off guard.

"Knowing you, it had to be something more than just a cane or a practice stick," she shrugged, stepping closer. I gave a nod of confirmation, tossed the short sword over toward the campfire, and drew Dawn's Ballad.

The sword glided soundlessly from its scabbard, its translucent blade reflecting the sun's strong rays and glowing a light teal.

I settled myself and the blade into position. "Ready when you are."

"Y-Yeah," Jasmine stuttered, her eyes glued to Dawn's Ballad.

We used mana to dull the edges of our weapons before beginning. Without mana strengthening my body, I realized just how much I had been neglecting myself. After a few swings, my arms felt heavy and my legs trembled as they pushed feebly off the ground.

This was my mistake. I knew the limits of my juvenile body, but in stead of trying to work on my shortcomings, I had chosen to merely mask them by using mana. While the magic in this world was capable of many things, I realized it should be used only as a supplement to one's abilities, not a replacement for them or to conceal what one lacked.

I lunged out with a sharp thrust aimed at Jasmine's sternum. Even though our swords were coated to prevent fatal injuries, they were not to be handled lightly and would still leave bruises or even break bone; this made the sparring experience much more intense and real.

Jasmine swung both of her daggers down in an outward arc, parrying my lunge and knocking the blade of my sword into the ground, forcing me to bring my rear foot forward to maintain balance. However, by that time, Jasmine had already brought her weapons back into position to follow up with a quick downward slash.

Prying my sword free from the dirt, I immediately pivoted my body to the side to avoid the overhead slash. As her daggers grazed harmlessly past my loose shirt, I kicked her arm away and stepped back to a more comfortable distance.

We took turns attacking and defending, but it wasn't long before my arms were burning from the quick consecutive movements, and I was forced to bring my sword up into a defensive stance and step back.

"My win," Jasmine said, sheathing her daggers deftly into the scab bards attached to her thighs.

"You're right," I laughed, dropping Dawn's Ballad on the ground. I'd had the upper hand when the duel had ended, but I hadn't had the strength to proceed. It was my loss. We had sparred for a little less than five minutes, but my arms and legs were screaming in protest from overuse. Massaging my forearms, I picked my blade up and slid it back into its black sheath.

"Hey Jasmine, I think I'm going to need more than a couple of days to work this out," I confessed with a chuckle.

Her lips curled up slightly as she nodded in agreement.

I had three years before I started attending Xyrus Academy. Once in school, I would have plenty of time to focus on studying mana. I knew what my priorities needed to be for now.

Making a rough calculation in my head, I held up two fingers. "Two years, Jasmine. I'll dedicate two years to getting my body truly adjusted to sword-fighting without relying on mana." "That's it?" she said, surprised.

"Just watch," I smirked.